Toxic comments in league of legends:
"My team is so bad they can't even win a surrender vote"
not even noah can carry these animals gg
[15:45] Braum: Udyr let's do dragon

[15:49] Udyr: No I don't want to

[15:55] Braum: I didn't know Udyr had a bitch stance
"Someone tell the [enemy] Malphite he's trash, I can't because I'm chat restricted"

Still my hero to this day
[ANYONE REMEMBER THIS?](http://puu.sh/kcm3A.jpg)

posted on this subreddit a few months ago
If the human body is 75% water, how can you be 100% salt?
"i wish my ad carry was amumu so his tears can deal damage"
It's nice to see the Red Cross opening a food bank down there in bot lane
[deleted]
"You're like forrest gump without the running thing"

'What do you mean?"

"I mean you're just retarded."
I will always love " I will trade you threes seige minions for our Nasus"
"I don't even know why I play this game, only the enemy team will play with me" -- Rivington
"I know you're doing your best but please stop I want to win this game"
"You have as much impact in lane as that thing over there" *proceeds to ping scuttle crab"
"Imagine if ur parents weren't siblings"
No clue how this hasn't been posted yet: http://i.imgur.com/mfUXBcZ.jpg
"I can tell Tristana didn't do 9/11 because she has no clue how to destroy towers"
A guy was complaining to the enemy team about how he couldn't carry this many noobs.

Someone on the other team replies "bitch you couldn't carry a balloon".
I've seen this Lee more times than I've seen my own father
The ADC of my team was called wooden 5 by my jungler and he replied that my jungler was Cancer 5. The ADC had 0 kills and our jungler had like 10 so our midlaner said "Atleast cancer kills".
Yi:            "Hey Kayle..."

Kayle: "?"

Yi: "HOLY SHIT SHE'S NOT A BOT"
At the end of the game: "gg, tutorial was harder"

Leona [28:45]: Or just die again

Leona [28:47]: Like guy

Leona [28:51]: Get a grip

Leona [28:56]: The fuck is rong with you

Maokai [29:03]: I just found out I have cancer. It’s irritating and I’m constantly reminded that it’s there

Maokai [29:21]: The doctors are calling it a stage IV Leona.
[At the end of the game instead of gg ez they linked this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=664VCs3c1HU) 
"on a scale of 1 easy to 10 easy, this was 2 easy."
"hey yas you been to the beach a lot this summer?"

"A few times"

"yeah I figured you been tanning cuz ur looking bronze as hell"

:c
"sona, repeat after me: 'Yo-ho, yo-ho, near the hooks I'll never go.'"
"I dont do orgies and I dont really get laid regularly but this is the most amount of pussies I've ever had on my side"

\- player on enemy team that goes ham as shit but no one follows him
Riven: OH MY GOD LEE SIN THIS IS THE THIRD TIME THEIR JUNGLER GANKED MY LANE AND YOU DIDN'T DO SHIT ABOUT IT

Lee Sin: well you could've picked amumu

Riven: Why?

Lee Sin: if you're going to cry the whole game,atleast his tears would deal damage.
Cassio: Hey Thresh?

Me: Yeah? :)

Cassio: Send me your PayPal. 

Me: Why?

Cassio: I will pay for you to delete your fucking account. 

"You're more useless than the rune combiner"
I was playing adc and I kept misclicking so I was just moving around not auto attacking looking like an idiot.  Jungler writes "Do you have Parkinsons?"
Our jungler has the map awareness of Christopher fucking Columbus.
"Report TF for getting carried like a fucking load of watermelons in a Mexican freight truck" 
I remember Blem saying this in qtipies game: It's so nice of the people working at the special home to let "X-champion" play League in between finger painting and macaroni gluing.
"we should have a test for checking if someone has 46 chromosomes before they create their accounts"
[removed]
I was farming the jungle as Lucian after losing lane, and my support says "Oh look Lucian is in the jungle picking cotton" 
"you should play baseball with throws like that"

LeBronze Plays.

Kharried (when a bad khazix is playing).

Once a guy told me to trade places with his down syndrome brother, because he was way better than me.

I was smoking and got into the game with 1 minute, and people thought I was AFKing, there was a bunch of ping on me. I said "no worries, I am back, was just smoking outside". Then, me and my support died due my mistake(didnt see jg on warded jungle), then my support said "you need to smoke way more, your cancer will come earlier and you wont ruin any games anymore".

edit: grammar
"fed so hard the whole of Ethiopia could survive the next year"
"Shen is so useless that when the other 4 members of his team die the announcer says: Ace!"
Person 1: sorry mb

Person 2: It's ok we all make mistakes

Person 2: Just look at xerath's parents.
"You are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck mental bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are"

This meme is for sale, prepare your Dogecoins and rarest pepes.
"You should go set the world record for holding your breath" 
Balls is Diamond 2.
God I'm getting a permaban now thanks for this thread guys..
Give me a 'U'

Give me an 'S'

Give me an 'E'

Give me an 'L"

Give me an 'E'

Give me an 'S'

Give me an 'S'

What does that spell!?

LULU!
to adc: "I would trade you for an extra caster minion in bot lane."

to support: "I'd rather have skuttle support, at least he gives a speed boost and provides vision."
I wouldn't exactly call this [toxic, but it's my go to response for when people start smack talking in all chat.](http://i.imgur.com/CEwclTs.png)
"Go practise your mechanics in sandbox mode riven"
"I first blooded you harder than your dad first blooded your sister"
It's okay Vayne, don't let an extra chromosome get you down!
Suck my butt wee-wee breff
"I called ADC!"

"Cry me a river, you little bitch. And put a ward in it."
"What are you doing, collecting all the pieces of Exodia?  Finish a f*@#$ item."
"Hey Fiora, come clean my kitchen. It could use a scrub."

"Sorry, I was fired from my job as a garbage man last week. I no longer carry trash."

*Player talking mad trash to me*
"Hey, check out my stream!" *link to a p0rn video titled "sex with your mom"*
0-8-0 kennen

ey yo kenny?

Ye?

nice cosplay
"You fucks are like the Red Cross. You just can't let anyone go hungry."
This tf so shitty he could draw brown cards. :( NOT MY FAULT I WENT 0/10 TF IS HARD
"Hey Ezreal, It's called mystic shot. 

Not miss the shot"
my support said to me wa back in s2

&nbsp;

if i had known you were this dumb

i wouldve picked up smoking

much less stressful than watching you play

fucking cancer

&nbsp;

never played a single adc game ever since
"Even your imaginary pets are ashamed of you." 
"I haven't seen two towers fall so quickly since 9/11"
"I hope your sister gets fucked to death by hammers."

witnessed in the tribunal. It's become a staple in my gaming group. 
this thread is awesome

The only ass you'll ever get, is when your hands rips through the toilet paper.
http://summonerscode.com/post/70446074724/exhibit-304-kennen-4153-seriously-i-have-to
"ask XWX for a refund pls"
someone said "GG EZ" at the end. I almost did commit suicide.
My best hella toxic bm trashtalk is typing "outplayed" whenever kids whine in all chat when you kill them on Yi/Tryn

ps. Rito Lyte no smiteroni banneroni pls
"Your father is a motherfucker."

I just replied with, "Welp, can't argue with that."
"Your nan has 1 leg"
"How much is your filthy American sister? I bet she is not worth even one dollar"

"Clam down filthy American your country is garbage like you"

He actually said Clam down.

This guy was 10/10


Whenever someone immediately starts out being BM or starts BMing for no reason my response is, "Dude, I bet you dont even know what dick tastes like."
"I hope you step on legos"
"if our Vayne could throw baseballs half as fast as she threw this game she would be a pitcher in the MLB" -Me in post game chat after she left.
"If i had a gun with only two bullets and you, Stalin and Hitler were in the same room i'd still shoot you twice." 

This one killed me the first time i heard it. 
This is more on the opposite end of the question, but somehow related I feel. After a particularly bad game where I completely lost my shit at my team mates, going off on them after they made mistakes, I managed to type out "JUST BECAUSE I'M TOXIC, DOESN'T MEAN I'M WRONG".

After staring at what I typed for a few seconds, I completely cracked up, and realised I needed to sort out my flaming problem, which I have done.
gonna use some of these now... thanks for making me lose my bronze border
"You couldn't peel a fucking banana." 
Fiddle: you are wooden 5 jinx                                                                                                                        
Jinx: You are cancer 5                                                                         
Zed: Atleast cancer kills
It wasn't an insult, more of a comeback. I was playing against a Nocturne and he didn't do so well, at the end game lobby the other players were insulting Nocturne and asking to report him. One of them said "This noob Nocturne didn't even buy fucking boots" To which he replied: "Why would I buy boots? I have no feet"

That has been the funniest thing I've read on LoL.
"fatty fat no friends"
"You're so bad you could play on TSM"
your mother shoulda swallowed you
the classic insult " you fucking nerd "
Although this isn't mine, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/36mq6g/what_is_the_funniest_insult_an_angry_league/crfnhva) was great :3
Gg ez.
Ordered a pizza before game because it's norms so I don't give a shit. Left the game for 5 minutes to answer pizza delivery. He went to the wrong place so it took longer. Team did well while I was gone.  I was 4 levels down when I got back but still ended positive and we won. Yelled "getting pizza OP" in end game.  Realize later it was ranked. 
"Nice aim Helen Keller" referring to skillshot champs
Our AD carry is more useless than the drum set of Anne Frank.
Idk man, dunkey's whole rant about how he should get shot down in the street legitimately impressed me. I used to be a toxic person, and came up with some creative things, but that was on a new level.
A bit racist but I laughed, "Lucian are you a christmas ornament, because you should be hanging on a tree right now"
"My team must be Jewish,

........ no ham."
Liss: You're playing Cho'Gath what a bitch champ, go fuck your mother

Cho'Gath: I can't because I'm too busy fucking you in this lane right now
Vayne: *talking to Rengar* 
"Hey man, you wanna duo after?
I am doing some community service work where I help kids with cancer gain ELO, and you seem like a perfect candidate!" 
Lately i crossed a player on EUW who called himself

"Allah u ak gnar"

xD!
I think the best one ever was actually done by Riot themselves.

"You have been demoted to Diamond 2"
Karthus: "Outplayed"

Viktor: "The only thing you outplayed was the Abortionist."
Also: "My Grandpa used to smoke for 50 years. Then he got lung cancer and stopped. He battled the cancer and survived. Sadly, he watched you play and it gave him so much cancer he died."

Allthough I am pretty sure this is copypasta
[I'll just leave this here](http://summonerscode.com/)
I've had someone tell me I was so bad that they wanted me to fuck their sister.
> TIL 4 sacks of shit is too heavy

Random Irelia got muscle cramps.
not particularly clever, but im always partial to that one time i got told "I HOPE U GET CANCER IN UR LEGS AND THEN UR LEGS BREAK WHILE U CROSS THE STREAT AND U GET HIT BY TWO BUSES"
"I wanna just take all the Weaboos like you in the world, put them on an island called Not-Japan, not give you internet and watch you die of internet deprivation."
Quit hogging all the extra chromosomes !
Oxygen thief
*after a Janna took about 10 mins loading

"Brb guys have to go buy some more potatoes so Janna doesn't run out of power"
"This team throws harder then Oberyn Martell"

For those who live under a rock and don't watch Game Of Thrones here is where I made this up from.

https://youtu.be/QS2IYyywZMs



"404 jungler not found"

"every single bush on the map has more impact on the game than you"

"your account-purchase was a bigger waste of money then greek financial help." 


some really pissed german (not me)
"Not even Noah would be able to carry these animals"
"malphite you are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are"
"malphite you are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are"

~Dunkey, 2015
"The top half of our jungle is more dark and secret than Urgot's past. Buy some fucking wards, people".


**And...**


"Our Trist has the map awareness of Christopher Columbus"
Your brain has 2 parts, left and right. But your right brain has nothing left and your left brain has nothing right.
Have you ever considered a career as a potato chip? 
"I hate it when my mid skips his chemo to play LoL."
"You're french"
"Jinx keeps going full lesbian and face checking all the bushes"
This one was directed towards the horrible weather in new england at the beginning of this year. Someone said, "If New England had half the salt you have, then we wouldn't have to worry about the snow anymore".
"this isn't a soup kitchen elise, stop feeding" 
"You feed me better than my mom does" -Fed opponent
We made a whole compilation of these.

http://i.imgur.com/kkk1nzv.gif

http://i.imgur.com/i7VzyDq.gif

https://i.imgur.com/xjgWcP9.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/Xg0y1hp.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/lEdXBP6.jpg


My friend loves to tell the story of someone playing Ashe. Ashe kept using racial slurs and was generally offensive to everyone in the game.

One player on the other team got fed up and began to every time Ashe died (frequently) would ask if she tanned easily. Finally Ashe broke down and said, "Yeah, I'm white. I tan easily so what?"

Finally, our hero said, "Cause you're lookin' pretty bronze."
[deleted]
"I hope you die in your sleep"

It's rude but nice at the same time
"I wish we had an Amumu on our team"

"Why?"

"At least his tears aren't useless"
Not really an insult, but had a lux support begging for blue buff and when jungler took it for himself (lux was in fountain at the time) lux goes "fuck you, I'm afk until my ult is off cd." 
[removed]
"malphite you are a f*cking worthless braindead scumf*ck bastard pile of trash mental di*kface that should be gunned down in the streets like the degenerate you are"
-Dunkey
"you are as useful as rune combiner "

If an enemy support is talking shit, I tell them to "do your best Sona impersonation."
I've landed so many death sentences on you I've written a death paragraph.
Not a toxic insult but more of a motivational speech I found at /r/bestofbronze; It was something like that:

Unless you're smurfing you're all shit.

As a matter of fact that won't change too fast and none of you is going to do good in this game

but that doesn't mean that you should stop trying.

Remember: 

It's called garbage can,

And not garbage can not.
"Ethiopia could eat for a month the way you feed."
"Jungler too busy playing Dora the Explorer to gank"
"you are so suck" 
At mid game someone called out my liss for being a "fat ice queen that shits herself"
then the liss was like "I'm so fat I shit on your team" after getting a 1v5 penta
"Sexual noob"

Nuf said
Are your parents siblings? 
Some guy who lost a game to me was very salty with his team about it. After a couple of insults suggesting they had no talent, he breaks out this gem:

"How fuckin' lame is your life"
"Your family is 100% 9-5 50k a year"

It was the most Republican insult I've ever seen. I used it as a status message for a while, but had to take it down after too many people messaged me genuine congratulations on finding a good job.
> you are all fucking trisomic  

Obviously i google it and basicly that's the chromosome missing when you have down's.  
> gg medium  

made me laugh so bad for some reason   

> your sister human toilet  

very elegant insult
"My uncle had cancer by smoking and passed away, then I told my mom  I would never smoke to not get cancer and die as my uncle died, but it does not matter now 'cause I got cancer only playing with that guy"




"wouldn't be losing so bad if my team wasn't feeding like a damn breadline."

-frustrated teammate 
This player is trying to fix world hunger with his feeding!

One of the classic ones ive always loved.
"You must be getting a lot of sun riding on the back of your team, you're looking a little bronze"
too hard to carry his extra chromosome
"Not even Noah can carry these animals."
I havent seen someone get out jungled like this since the USA was in vietnam.
"You're more useless than the rune combiner, and the removed that"
Vayne: c\_/ care cup

Vayne: It's empty
Patch 5.16 was a mistake, just like you.

After mid and top fed

"Are you guys trying to end hunger in Africa?"
I said to a Twisted fate yesterday "This TF playing Mono-red, this ain't magic the gathering motherfucker!"
[ITT](http://summonerscode.com/)
Unless you're a smurf you're shit, but don't worry, I'm a garbage collector in real life. - Im used to carrying trash.
There is too much motherfucker but there is not enough whorehouse in this country i dont know how 

'of course server of flamers and toxics=Turkey'
hey is that therainman?
A player who talks massive shit in Champion Select, thinking I am going to be getting into another horrendous ranked game. We smoke them in 20 minutes, guy says nothing the whole game, and then links this in the end game lobby and leaves.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=664VCs3c1HU
If Janna gave corki a chromosome, maybe we'd have a normal bot lane
" a monkey could play wukong better" 
"Let's play intermediate bots next time, this is too easy"
"Your nan's bald"
"I can't even call our midlaner trash because I could literally dump our my garbage can into our mid lane and it would be more useful than this fucking Ahri."


you are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the streets like the degenerate you are 
"Someday your mom will die, and you will be sad but I will laugh."
The good old copypasta:

My dad smoked his whole life. One day my mom told him "If u want to see ur children graduate, u have to stop" 3 years later he died of lung cancer. My mom told me "Dont smoke; dont put your family through this" At 24, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a sense of regret, because watching this Kha'Zix play gave me cancer anyway.


"All these potatoes on my team and we don't have a decent peeler" 

"This Twisted Fate is so shit he's pulling out the brown card" 


Your map awareness is that of Christopher Columbus.

[deleted]
"This Teemo is so bad he blinded Lee Sin and still died"
"Blitz i don't think you could hook a jew at a free dollar convention" ahahah lmao
"Good thing my dad isn't like this team.  At least he was there for me."
'Id rather have cancer than have you in my lane' 
Not an insult as such, but a friend once killed an enemy with a Ziggs ult right as they would walk into a Teemo shroom. After that, the Teemo wouldn't stop telling us about the sandwich he had eaten earlier, that contained carrots and mayonnaise...
"Your dad fucked your mum".
Jungler you a Lee sin main? Cause you blind AF.

Do you need a ward to see where the teamfight is?


"No wonder your dad left you as a child" 
Fucking savage... 
After a dude was feeding top lane hardcore, enemy opponent says:

"There's no reason to even kill you anymore. You're worth less than cs."
[All] Lucian : "noob jungler never ganks!! Report Rek. only me is good in this shit team"  
[All] Rek'Sai: " *sigh*...this Lucian carries nothing but an extra chromosome.."
I once had a Braum that told me to " suck my bitch "
"My retarded cat with one leg and one eye plays better than you"
"You couldn't carry an ounce of water in a 10 gallon bucket."
Me and Other 3 allys Died during baron, then, our top lane said

Riven : "OMG U GUYS, EVERYTIME SOMETHING GOOD HAPPENS SOMETHING REALLY SHITTY HAPPENS AFTERWARDS, IS ALMOST A CRUEL METAFOR OF MY LIFE"

Nasus - "What is your height and weight?"

Veigar - " 6'1' 180lbs "

Nasus - "No, your height and weight, not your favorite anime character"

Veigar - "I don't watch anime though"

Nasus - "Same"
Someone tried making fun of my summoner name and say that I piss on candles when in reality my name derives from the urine one harvests from candles
