Toxic comments in league of legends:
Someone said to me: "I hope you outlive your children"
Someone wanted to fight me and shared his address in chat
After finally getting a kill in a very rough game in top lane, my jungle said "I see your two brain cells have finally decided to have their annual meeting"

Totally lost my shit.
Draven: „I Hope your Mom dies of cancer“

Thresh: „she did a year ago“

Draven: „im sure she is in Heaven now. Dogs dont Go to hell“ 

It was quite unique, gotta give him that.
There was a trolling jax in our team. Our neeko morphed into jax and said. 

Look people! I am also a son of a whore now!
“Please go 0/1 in real life.”
Thx guys for all the recommendations on how to improve my flame game
Shut up you permanent Gragas cosplay
"Can you please close the game, go outside, find a bridge and jump, you walking condom advertisement".

Honestly, "walking condom advertisement" since then became an all time favourite for me
"your nans lemon drizzle cake is bare dry"
"I breakdance on your mothers grave"
"I hope there's no milk the next time you want cereal"

I don't know how a video game could drive somebody to say such sick shit
Someone once said to me  "I would say you're cancer, but cancer actually kills people" on a game i ended up 0/7 and since then i haven't been the same.
"Even hardline Christians would've approved your abortion."

NGL, got a good chuckle in game out of that one.
after a long game, we had a jungler that confirmed he's a jew. Our support was having none of that shit

"i don't even know how many died in the Holocaust, but looking at you, it was not enough"

then he proceeded to talk about putting jews in experiments and how thats the only way for them to be useful

i didnt even take part in their "talk" but to be honest, i'm amazed the guy didnt get straight up banned. I was even checking his match history to see
Dunno if it's that toxic but I saw a dude just railing a troll smurf Darius by saying:

"Darius, that Ghost can't get you away from your abusive step-father."
"I hope your pillow stays forever warm"
"I hope this win makes you think less about slicing your own wrists on stream for the 15 seconds of fame that your own parents will forget"
There was a post yesterday asking why there is such a stigma from the gaming community about league. I think this post would be a good response to that one.
Probably not the most toxic thing I’ve heard, but I remember this the most as it was from one of my very first matches:
“Are you crippled? Are you a fucking Cait veggie? Do you need to be wheeled to your grave?”
He apologized afterwards and gave some tips about farming on weak side, pushing, etc. It was a roller coaster.
“Go play Roblox”.
I was told to commit toaster bath.
I said to someone "Your dad must have mixed up some piss in with the sperm when he made you, because you lack (insert whatever I said at that time, I think it was some chromosomes)

Said to me: "I will convert to Islam, become a terrorist, behead your sister, fuck her dead skull and scream Allah akbar"... I wasn't sure if I should have laughed or get offended even tho I am not muslim.
my friend recently had someone add him after a game of him trying out river Janna and went 

"YOU ARE TERRORIST, I AM YOUR GOD AND I WILL FUCK YOUR COUNTRY NOW"

We were admittedly dying laughing at this
"i your mom fuck xD i kill her lmao i fuck her daed body , you fuxking fuck, i will kill your family i sent hitman to u, it expensive but worth it, dog shit"
"I hope you die in car accident" about 3 months after I had near death car accident...
"Ill flush your head so far down the toilet the rat from flushed away will skullfuck you"  


"I'll skin you, kill your dog, boil your kids down into tallow and mail you the scented candles. You'l fear me for the rest of your life and ill remind you i exist however i can. I'll haunt you even to the point when you reincarnate as a disgusting cockroack like the coward you are."

"The sight of your corpse makes me shit"

"stfu low intelect african american male"

"Im a fucking winner, bitch, its okay to lose boy"

"/spit" (instead of gg)
Last night after about 2 minion waves the Thresh supporting me called me a toxic cancer troll out of nowhere, proceeded to abandon lane for the rest of the match and kept calling me that for no reason. At the end he said he wishes the worst kind of cancer upon me and my family and hoped I'd die. No clue what kind of drugs he was on.
I had an illaoi flaming our kindred non stop for not ganking him. This was a while ago so I don't remember exactly what the kindred said but it was something like "it's not my fault that your parents are divorced and your drunk dad beats you every night". I like to believe that kindred hit the nail on the head for that guy because illaoi immediately stopped typing after that.
"Enjoy your last Christmas with your family"

That was a fun one.
Probably not the most toxic I've seen but it still sticks with me, I was at work and got a call from my brother to tell me my Nan had died (to cancer). I pretty much broke down and went home. 

Living abroad there wasn't much I could do and for some reason playing a game of league seemed like a good way to take my mind off things. Jumped into game and had a bad time, thats when my ADC hit me with something along the lines of 'I hope your Nan gets cancer and dies'. Couldn't believe the timing and accuracy, I replied with 'She did this morning' and of course he replied with 'good'. 

He probably thinks I was bullshitting but thats a moment I doubt I'll ever forget.
The best thingI have ever seen is "May communism prevail in your country"
I am a Jungle main so stuff like that is daily business. I get a laugh from it and then start wondering who took my chickens this time.
Someone spoil the end of End game at the start of the game in All Chat

That mother fker
The most toxic and damaging people are the ones that are toxic ingame but dont chat in fear of punishment. They take CS/Bard ult you etc. You can mute the guy raging in chat, you cant do shit about the silent griefer.
I know you got food stuck in your teeth rn
"I hope you die slowly of Cancer"

"You're an abortion gone wrong"

"I'd tell you to kill yourself but you'd fuck that up too"

""Die in a fire"

There's a prevelant theme.
I once told an Anivia to become an omelette.
"Renekton I wish I could met you in real life and slit your fucking throat you fucking degenerate fucking n-[REDACTED] I hope you die in real life in car crash or corona fucking virus infests you and you die painfully"
“Will everybody donate to the Kickstarter for Kindred? We’re going to get him a monitor because he clearly doesn’t own one”
someone told me that he knew where I play - a popular internet cafe, and he would shoot me right in the face. 

Told him to come to - gave the address, branch, and what I wore - guess someone else got shot that night.
I feel like part of what makes that toxic is creativity, or if not creativity at least novelty - you haven't seen it before so you stop and read it. Whereas the normal gamer cliches (fk you cancer animal orphan or whatever) have been seen before so you don't really read them - you just process them as oh this person is mad at me. Even the person writing them probably believes on some level that they're merely expressing frustration with a teammate and nobody takes the literal words they're writing too seriously.
I got a good one. I had an enemy Irelia add me after game. I knew I was going to get flamed so I started with "Mad cuz bad". I don't remember everything he said, but he called me the n word and threatened to find my address and kill my family.
Ive had people tell me they are gonna slit my moms throat. 

Like dude, you probably weigh either 40 or 200kg and stay inside all day playing lol, stop trying to act tough and edgy lmao it’s so cringe
Yesterday I had a guy ban Samira after I prepicked her. His friend later said that he "doesn't like Samira because he doesn't like latin Americans"
“Do me a favor please. Go into Boy Scouts, learn how to tie the best hangman’s noose possible, apply this knowledge to your neck the next time you want to ruin my games c***”
A polish guy wishing my family to die in a fire while he fucks their dead corpses and performing necrophillia.
I've seen this weird dialogue a while back (please note that this is a rough translation):

"F\*\*\* your mother!"

"My mother passed away."

"Then f\*\*\* her corpse."

Whether or not the other guy's mother's passing is true, that was a very messed up thing to say.
Someone started saying his grandfather fought in Vietnam and bombed/killed/r**ed my people.  That was over a week ago and he still hasn't been banned.  Thanks riot...
Found in a casual game a 4man squad of north african guys, they guessed I was italian by my name and started harassing me in champ select chat saying:"You disguting infidel pig, you will go to the deepest part of hell"

I've then proceded to troll them the entire game while telling them to eat some ham whenever they would complain about me not surrendering/ruining the game
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Someone thought he found me on facebook, called me ugly, kept saying my life was worthless and i should end it soon. He even sent me a link of a picture which explained How to commit suicide. 

I added him and chatted with him after the game  only to collect more screenshots and evidence for his permanent ban.
"I pinged you, how tf you die there?"

"It was a 2v1"

"so was your conception"
Not one thing specifically, but in general I find Chinese players to be extremely toxic. Not because of their race or anything (like American-Chinese are fine), but I mean like players that are actually from China. You can easily tell from their summoner names, it is either in Chinese or they have some variation of dog/woof, since that seems to be their favorite insult. It’s really annoying but also kinda funny watching someone go “woof woof American dog” or something like that all game. A lot of the time they do go too far though and say the most absurdly racist shit.
When the jungler take forever to gank. 
Someone: “ you still haven’t ganked since I impregnated your mom and she is having a labour already”
My favourite one was "I'm going to fuck your dad and give him a child he can actually love"
Not so much a flame, but my personal favorite clap back when I’m getting lit up by a team mate is “must suck being 5’ 2”..” and then they get mad because they are indeed short
Maybe not the most toxic, but certainly the most amusing:

"autofilled irl"

idk why but this shit cracked me up
>“I hope you impregnate the love of your life and she dies along with your baby during labor.”

okay so then you get to have sex with the love of ur life? W
Guy told me to invent time travel so I could abort myself. That one was pretty good. Another time I played against a Malphite who just spammed the n word every time I killed him.
I have had someone say "I hope your entire family doe in a house fire and you have to stand outside and hear and noone is there to help" that hit a little different. All because I was playing an aram game as soraka and didn't take heal for a few levels. Bear in mind my team had 11 kills to 5 and i was 4/0/7
"You do incest"
After getting a kill in the top lane, my opponent randomly wrote "Burn in hell k\*ke". I was not only surprised by the extreme outburst but also by the fact that I am quite literally Jewish. Pretty effective on his part... what are the chances.
I have seen some bad stuff in lol. But the worst thing I have ever heard said. Was to a guy on overwatch. The dude was yelling at everyone in chat and saying he was from the military. (USA) So then some one started talking about how a lot of vets suffer from mental health problems, then talked about how the USA dose not support there vets as much. A lot of them end up on the street. And suffer from thoughts of suicidal actions. And then told the guy to save himself the trouble and just end it now.. the dude shut up and quit talking. So.. I think that was the darkest and most close to the bone toxic talk I have ever heard.
Ping your R
Type O
Type P
ping your E
5m
I fucked your mom five times before you even born.
I once asked all chat if I should get cheesy garlic bread or wings from Dominos after the game. Literally everyone said cheesy bread, including 4/5 on the enemy team, except the one dude who said wings and then when he saw he got out voted he responded with "I hope it gets burned."
Another reason to turn off chat.
Toxic as it is, that's a surprisingly eloquent sentence for solo queue chat.

Usually it's just "get cancer and die" and that's it.
I hope you get covid and die
Other than racist stuff I still remember “Nasus you stink like cheese”
“Inshallah your whole family dies”

-Renekton who got bodied by my buddy’s Morde gameplay
"You fuck with your gay friend while playing Fiddle?" -Hiemerdinger Top, 4 mins into the game.

I went to grab scuttle when he said this for absolutely no reason, decided to leave and to do something better.
I will never forget this guy in my ranked game saying, "you can't do this you can't do that you can't even take a shit!"

I've stolen it and used it ever since. It was a beauty 😂

4 edits later because I can't fucking spell on mobile there we go
This is not one action but the entire evening.
I have a good regular friend group with whom we play, so while its just me and my buddy, I convince him to jam a game of ranked.
Insert "Chrisso" a nasus top player who starts the game with "if you feed I run it down" and then proceeds to die 4-6 times under 5 minutes and run it down himself.
As this game was over at that moment, we fuck around in chat while discord streaming it to the rest of our friends who joined during the ranked game.
This guy proceeds to act so tough that he gives us his dicord and enters the voice channel where he goes from unloading profanities to acting some more tough guy.
Some highlights are sending a fake pic of 12k in his credit account, sending a fake dia acc, telling us about his hot gf and talking how he doesnt care about this game while having a huge amount of games on his account already.
However his imaginery self esteem was promptly crushed when his mom entered the room and asked him how long he will be playing this game of his.
Nice try riot ! You will never take me alive !!!!
"You are less useful than an emergency exit on a submarine"

"I'd rather shoot myself than to endure playing another game with you"

A bit of context the next one came after I had a terrible game then started asking for peel:
"Whoah minions can talk?"

"Go outside and apologize to the trees for all the air you're wasting."
“Gg go next irl might have a better luck being born a donkey”
I was finishing my placement Flex games last night with some friends (I mostly play Solo Duo) and we encountered this full premade team. I was playing Xerath mid vs Annie and it seemed pretty odd as a few minutes in I was 4/0 and my opponent seemed to have no ability to dodge my spells or farm (he ended up having 29 farms in a 50 minutes game). I thought something was fishy so I asked him if he is ok or he has ping or anything and then Hell broke loose. Annie and her jungler started to trash talk us, constantly swearing in all chat like some little kids and we thought it was pretty funny until it started to get personal asking us for the discord server. They joined at the end of the game in full rage mode saying that they bought the accounts (which explained their gameplay or lack of it), shared their location and asked us to come to them and have a real fight. This shit was just crazy, like how can you get so tilted over a game which you have no idea how to play and no interest in it. Later, they found my ig based on my discord name and profile pic and started to send death threats and ask for my address to come and settle the dispute in real life. EUNE is full of stupid shit like that.
I am not poor
I played a game with my (at the time) 7 year old daughter and had a couple people in the game saying things that I'm not going to repeat here.

Needless to say, my daughter hasn't played league since, and those folks got reported.  I also got an "Instant feedback report" popup very shortly after the game.

Folks... Pedophilia is never funny, and its never ok to joke about.  Ever.
I was going through chemo and wanted to play norm’s, obviously I wasn’t doing too hot and I apologized to my team and someone said, “Let the cancer win, you’re a detriment to society and a burden on your loved ones,” (I beat cancer) I now have chat disabled
As a former toxic player myself I know I went too far if instead of 10/25 games chat restriction Riot goes straight to 2 weeks/permaban

Also: do you guys seriously get affected by this? I normally laugh my ass off when someone starts typing novels at me.
Amongst many other things, a Yasuo player threatened to come and r*pe me irl. Also repeatedly told me to kms… he got insta banned after the game.
Tbf, Mac and cheese isn’t that good
Had some dude say he grabbed my IP and that he was gonna plant  CP on my internet traffic (??????)
They called me a yasuo main
This may sound tame, because we’re so used to it, but I don’t want to overlook the utterly vile bullshit that is the absurdly casual KYS.

It’s a fucking video game, boys and girls.

If you think telling someone, discreetly via acronym or otherwise, to go *kill themselves* because your butt hurt your jungler is behind you deserve a chat restriction at the very least, and honestly a fucking ban.

This sort of toxic normalcy should not be tolerated at all.
Honestly i think the most toxic thing in games is, "im going to make sure we lose because (name) doesn't deserve the LP. and its just mind boggling you would rather throw a free win and just move on just to spite one person.
What does this thread accomplish? This may subtly encourage flame since it is glorifying it. There js no glory is the dishonor and purposeful hate of teammates in the attempt to illicit an extremely negative emotional response from them. We should not put the horrors humans put eachother through into words in this way. I'm sorry to type this comment, and I have deliberated if I should even post this, but I think I must. Please, forgive me.
Probably the guy who going on about typical white nationalist stuff, then admitted he couldent get enough of doing it with black girls(apparently they are noisy during), then admitted that it was comparable to doing it with an animal

this was aram smurf q so idk how many accounts this guy had gone through XD
"gg ez"

I **will** report it. If you say "gg ez", you're probably toxic, just not in this game specifically
Your father farted and your mother flew away
I was in a game where the enemy team was a 5 premade and was spamming antisemitism in all chat. Really brutal stuff i don't even want to repeat. We were 4 premade and we all reported them, but we never got a notification that anything happened.
"If i find your newborn, i will snap their neck." Some player after our toplaner excused themself for 20 seconds to help their partner with their baby while we aced the enemy team and had not much to do (baron and dragon were on cooldown)
Holy. Hell. That is some next level mind games!   


Might have to use that one next time.   


JK JK but seriously this is sick.
[deleted]
Sure, I play with my boyfriend a lot of games for 4 years now, and similar comments were addressed to us too. I know it really well
This post is just a reminder that the mute function is probably the best thing added to league. I wouldn't still be playing if I couldn't mute this kids
just straight up telling me to get cancer lol
I once said "I hope you fall from the stairs, break your back and become a vegetable". I think these insults are more funny than offensive.
Adc in Champ select locks in Brand. First sentence in game “Looks like I am chat restricted.” Quiet… “you should not have done that, I’m going to ask now”. He then proceeded to int mid 3-4 times then afk.
Enemy top laner posted my home city in /all chat. That was scary.
I hope you outlive your children
gg ez
sick. im ready to clean that up
dont remember much but i recall someone say "i hope you die choking on your favorite food"
Few games after I unlocked mastery 7 on my main, I got solokilled by a Zed lvl 4 and he asked "m7?"

I still haven't fully recovered.
I can't remember anything interesting that anyone's flamed me with, but my go-to response when i get flamed or incessantly pinged is to type "choke" as quickly as possible. It seems to have an outsized effect on people & they shut up way more often than you'd think.

Haven't had to say it recently given I've stopped playing SR without friends. People don't tend to flame as much in my ARAMs.
It's not the worst, but it occurs so often it's become almost expected. Listing op.gg stats.

Lvl 30 accs with only bot games, straight into ranked. Always less than 10 games in. Dies before getting 8 cs. Then around their  4th-5th death, starts a 15m surrender vote that fails, then spam pings whoever had the most proximity to them for the rest of the game.

What I do find toxic, is people that spend money to buy accounts. I would understand if the acc had a limited skin or some other collectible. But buying a new account, looking up other ppl's stats, and trying to criticize it, has got be one of the most depressing lives to live.
“If I could kill you irl and get away with it then I would”
One teammate to another (who was useless): ‘you are nothing but a mobile trinket’
Mom b
“People like you are the reason we go for shit like holocausts”
Someone once told me on Lol reddit: "if you are plat or below your opinion dosent matter"
We can’t share what the REAL toxic things we’ve heard are, we’d get flagged and removed lol
Funny enough, i find elaborated insults to be the less efective. Im like "lol this guy is really that mad? youre trying too hard".
Thanks for the inspo guys :\^)
Not me but my boyfriend as ADC made the enemy Kai'sa lose her shit. Said she hoped that his entire family got cancer and then started saying she was going to give them cancer, was really really upset and kept going "you're gonna pay for that" 

And not the most toxic, but I had someone flame me in a bot game. Idk why they were so mad, I hadn't died, had a lot of kills, whatever. She starts telling me I'm really bad and embarrassing and her and her boyfriend were laughing at me, and he thought I was super cringe. She kept going so I started following her around and KSing her (I say that lightly bc it's a fuckin bot game) and watched her rage. I wonder how the lovely couple are getting on
Someone threatened me to find me irl and burn my house while asleep, I laughed my ass. Next game I got DC like every minute, it was completely unplayable and had trouble to access my account. Contacted Riot support who told me someone was trying to access my account or something like that, recommended me to change credentials so I did and it ended up there. 

I don't think it was that guy tho, no one can find you like that with no extra information so it's sad just a coincidence, right?
"Your family was killed by Videla" 

For people who dont know, Videla was a argentinian dictator.
pre made of 4 in nexus blitz (!) convinced themselves i was a girl and spent the match making lewd degrading comments about me while asking me (you guessed it) to make them sandwiches. all this coupled with intentionally not helping me in game.
Only a week or so ago was told "I hope you get cancer and die. If it were up to me you'd have been dead a long time ago" 

Big yikes.
"the next time you drive, listen to the little voice that says to swerve into oncoming traffic"
Some kid was pretending to search for me using "my" ip address and said he was going to kill my family. It was hilarious that he didn't understand how ip addresses worked.

And now that I type this out, it's disconcerting how little shit like that phases me now...
Not directed towards me, but worst by far was “Tobi is a slave name”
You are useless subhuman biological waste.
My friends younger brother once said "the only thing hitler did wrong was not gas you" and he somehow didn't get banned.
Someone wanted to fight irl and "doxxed" me, but really just tried to trick me into giving my adress lol
probably not the most toxic thing ive ever seen but the most toxic one i can remember happened like last week

[https://imgur.com/a/pPPX1GB](https://imgur.com/a/pPPX1GB)

none of us said anything to them before so idk where it came from and i thought we were having a pretty standard aram game. at first i thought maybe their team was flaming them and getting them riled up but nobody on their team said anything to them either.

apparently they were angry that we didnt end but thats just common aram etiquette and seems really abnormal to get this angry over it
"ADC Bob Geldolf Cosplay"
most of these replies are incredibly corny and not toxic at all
During a Riven game someone on my team said to me “You fast combo worse than a kid with cerebral palsy” 

I couldn’t even be mad lmfao it was just too creative
I guess my favorite is really simple:  


"Go die IRL"  


My girlfriend was spectating me, and it surprised her so much that we still use it together.  


If I forget to do the dishes, she will casually drop a "Go die IRL"
***"If youre so good at diving and dying why dont you go do both in real life, dumbass"***
I usually use the subtle “I didn’t know someone could have negative IQ”. Not too angry, not too harsh and I think it’s beautiful.
"I hope your nipples stay hard for an entire day"
The most toxic playing with a premade group of 4 and they all blame you for everything and start telling all chat how racist you are. And you haven't said anything
Became irl friends with a dude that flamed me for being dogshit (which I was Tbh) in post lobby chat. 
He actually goes to my uni and we've been friends since.
I was giga fast in-game and this guy said who failed to catch me:

 ‘Run run, like ur grandparents on the fields in 1940s’

He didn’t get banned :)
Well, and I'll admit I was being a douche, I once said that a person acted like the type of guy that got bullied at school, dont remember exactly why. Not nice, the worst part was that one of the other players in our team kept adding to it, saying he gets beat up by his parents probably and even r*ped etc. It went on for quite a while. I felt sry cause I initiated it
Jokes on you. Shes chinese so we both know giving birth could easily go wrong
“Hope your firstborn child gets kidnapped and murdered” 

Yea…
Month or two back some guy was being toxic all game. Mid game he states to say the n-word. Goes on to praise the holocaust and states "death to Muslims". It was actually madness to see, he was on my team. I assume he got perma banned
A guy on my team told me he hopes I watch as an animal I love gets run over by a truck... lol
It's just a childhood diff. Guess your father couldn't care about raising you, after realizing the fact that you where indeed his fastest sperm.
Are we going for funny or actual flame?

Funniest flame was when I warded a thresh lantern and the ADC typed “ur fat”.
“I hope your mother gets cancer”

“It’s hard to give a corpse cancer”

“I’d kms too if you were my kid”
I once typed in all chat that I hoped he woke up one day and stepped on his kid's lego brick.
Had a guy who was in a call with his teammates. I solo killed him as teemo 5 times in the first 10 minutes. He started called me the n word like repeatedly and told me he would rape my parents. He got killed once more and the people he was playing with said he broke his laptop lol.
Two things, both from the same guy

1) You make me think Hitler had a point

2) Can't remember the exact text, but he posted explicit details in about 5 full messages of how he wanted his midlaner to commit seppuku with a katana
I'm always a fan of the ones like "you fed so much that you alone fixed the starvation problems in the world/in Africa" etc.
"I hope your mother dies and if she's already dead I hope she comes back to life and dies again, so you can feel the pain of her death twice"
This thread is full of gems, thank you all so much.
Only an unloved and adopted child would be playing Yorick. 

I have since stolen this and say it to all Shaco mains as well.
“I hope you get castrated”

Was a couple years ago from an Akali player that started flaming me after an hour long match that we lost.
Not spoken in chat, but their summoner name was “L-nchingN-ers”. Yes the full spelling
Are u a jungle player by any chance?
"I hope your mom dies like Nunus did"

Which is an INSANE thing cause our JG was on the other side of the map when the Shaco who said it died.
Due to my nick, is pretty easy to understand where I come from (Italy). I once got another italian dude on my team and he said "Spero ti spezzino gli spaghetti la prossima volta che ti preparano la carbonara, con la pancetta". Idk if any other Italian player will read this but trust me, this really hurts.
I know a guy who was in a flaming match with another guy who gave him his real name in the chat. My friend proceeds to go find his Facebook page and make fun of the dude's wife and how fat and ugly she supposedly was.
[Zed]: yasuo i wih u get cancer
[Zed]: in ur lungs   
[Zed]: gl hf    
[Zed]: plat peaker money   
zed has disconnected
Genetics Gap
people lying in all chat saying someone said racist shit when they never typed, happened to me multiple time I even send riot a ticket but they didn't seems to care.
(Not bad but funny) 

I had my mom played league for my own amusement then someone said “please go afk” she asked “where is that?”
Supp telling my jungler to "neck themselves" when the game was pretty even
Wow never heard one that bad before.
Mom go boom
Worst I got said to me was "I'll murder you and your mom like the Germans murdered the Jews". He never got banned after 3 Reports and a ticket submission.
I had a vegar threaten to trace my IP address and dox me for "kill stealing". I just told him to climb back into the the abortion bucket because it's probably warmer than the dumpster out back and muted/reported him.
"Go outside and see the sun you fat piece of ..." - a guy after knowing i have 1 million mastery points with Rakan.

"Go play rankeds if you wanna win" - every person i play with.

"Good for you winning with 4 people, it's a shame they are banging your gf on all 4 while you play lol" - Me after losing a ranked against an annoying af Xin Zhao.
"I hope your entire family dies in a car crash on xmas eve but you survive and have to organise all of their funerals alone". 

As a Shaco main I am more than used to flame, but this one did make me chuckle.
lmao what did you do to make them say that
I think game chat should automatically be disabled unless you choose to enable it. 

I know Riot thinks players will be all kumbaya, power of love and friendship and all that, but the reality is, playing with chat is like choosing to do chemo without having cancer.
Some toxic player said to my friend „I hope your mother gets cancer and dies“. 

Well, the year before exactly that happened. Sooo… that was a bummer.
Some toxic player said to my friend „I hope your mother gets cancer and dies“. 

Well, the year before exactly that happened. Sooo… that was a bummer.
Not nearly as bad as yours, but “literal trash jungler, uninstall the game.”
I asked a 1 Mil points Riven how she can lose vs a first time Yas and she told me to "Go next IRL"
''I hope your mother dies slowly from cancer''
Fed Shaco player: Show me on this doll where Shaco touched you
"I hope your father will die"  
When I said my father is already dead he added "I hope your mother and your whole family will too"  


A gentleman
Someone called me dogwater. I found that hilarious now I am using it lmao.
Idk for me but wht i love saying when i toxic is "my grandma with no hand play better than you".
After finishing an over 48 minute game as Jax where I carried very hard, someone on my team typed in all chat.

"You could have just surrendered and saved all our time. Instead Jax had to stomp you out like the roaches you are."
"You're already useless to your family and you still chose to be useless to this team."

-me, to toxic players who isn't even helping the team
My go-to is normally referencing postpartum abortions or telling them that all their acne is actually scar marks from their mothers coathangers
These are all pretty lame lol.
Not seeing any of my usual go to's in here, guess I'll have try harder next time
Had a dude post a link to a beheading video in post game lobby, telling me that's what i deserved.
"Give me your credit card, I'm buying a backpack for all the carrying I'm doing"
Ive been told i have more chromosomes than brain cells does that count
I was playing ziggs adc with a blitz support. Blitz fed the enemy vayne like 8 kills before 15mins. The blitz pulled the vayne into us and ran. I died. He ran. I was like what the hell and he literally said in chat “I ran because I’m not dying for you (insert expletive)”
"UR SISTOR 120KG". Not the most toxic but it made my whole team laugh for a good couple minutes
"This ADC is the embodiment of the Detroit Lions"

It somehow felt worse than the normal go kill myself comments you get in LOL.
My favorite response to flame is “Hey man relax. it’s ok. u don’t have to type this much. your parents love you no matter what they say” 7/10 times they shut up and 3/10 they get even more mad it’s so funny
”Irl you would kneel down and kiss my feet” 
Not the most toxic but one of the better flames I’ve received.
I remember an old post on reddit where someone sent an application to be a trash collector and said something to the tune of "If you're going to be trash at least take care of it."
I wish I was a snake so I could crawl into a cable and slither into your home, jump out of the cable and chomp your throat.
I'll never forget when my duo-queue partner in season 5 or so was having a bad support game, and the Dr. Mundo top asked him where he lived because he wanted to mail him an anthrax bomb that would hopefully kill my friend's family if they went to the mailbox before he could intercept it. We won that game, but my friend didn't play for a couple days after that, and I totally get it. The Dr. Mundo would not shut up.
"You're such a piece of shit toplaner that your all your underwear must be skidmarked" 

...I was having a God awful game and had to give him props for the insult.
"I hope you have cold showers for the rest of your life." After taking ENEMY jungle's red lol
Someone told me to not uninstall the game but to uninstall life
Hope your dick get shorter and your head get balder
Imma be honest I was hoping to be quoted here. Yes, I am big toxic to smooth brained inbred Neanderthals that would find themselves a way to kill themselves with a single wet spaghetti noodle.
My ADC on my team was flaming our Yone on our team for dying too much. One of the insults he used that stuck out was “since you like dying off cool-down so much I hope you take that same attitude irl Yone”
Lulu, I will hang myself with my monitor cable then reincarnate as a snake to slither through the Ethernet and chomp you windpipe.

Or something like that
What if im the one whos toxic
