Nontoxic comments in league of legends:
All chat is fun in aram
I was playing adc with my duo support. We were on a 15 game winstreak abusing kog lulu. Totally disgusting, ripping through D4 to D2. Then i saw the enemy verbally abusing their nami support so i defended the poor nami by pointing out everybody elses' mistakes and purposely leaving their adc 0/10+  whilst leaving nami alive.

At the end i add nami and explain that the matchup wasnt fair. Dont feel discouraged, keep playing, and gave some tips.

She has been a great friend, very very kind. Oh and she has been Masters/GrandMasters for 3 seasons now so i'm very proud. Might ask her to give me tips now if I ever return to rankeds again.
I was “playing” Bard top vs a teemo. I proposed a truce, he accepted and we danced in lane. Then his and my junglers joined us. It was a wild time where the entirety of both teams ended up messing around. Ended with them gifting me a penta and then FFing at 30 minutes.
No specific example but the "randoms" folder (no offense people in it) of my friends list is mostly people from the enemy team. Talking to people in all chat can be fun if you're not a jerk.
From a comment I posted earlier:

A lot of my favorite league experiences were through all chat. This one time I was laning against this dude who kept telling me how drunk he was, I asked what he was drinking, conversation kept up for like the whole game. Another time I was mirror matched against another Nasus and we both agreed to never fight in lane and just farm stacks, not even fighting when our junglers tried to gank.

I've had macro spam-offs, dance parties, 1v1 agreements that lead to a betrayal 50% of the time. And on the other side I've had moments of mutual respect with my lane opponent, even finding a person to queue with when both our teams were being toxic and we were just complementing each other. I've had legitimate learning moments where the other team told me something helpful, or I told the other team something helpful. The most recent was one where I was against a Gragas who didn't know he could recast Q to pop it early, and I was actually able to help him.

All chat is seriously one of my favorite parts of league, and I'd be really sad to see it go if they go through with this. It leads to positive experiences so much more than negative ones, at least for me. If that's not the case for some people then they can opt back out, it doesn't have to be removed for those of us that love it.
all chat is fun in ARAM when you could get fellow drunks to count down shots and dance with you
in aram 

level 1 team fight, someone throws a snowball at me, I flash it for fun and then start a flash party and everyone flashes.

enemy team: that juke was insane, surely scripting
I was playing ahri vs zoe in midlane. We had a huge fight with dodging skillshots, igniting each other and it came down to AAs and me flashing her short range Q, winning the 1vs1. I was screaming to myself "get fked b\*tch". He typed in allchat "gj wp". I answered "ty close one".

Just a short interaction but I think it was really nice of him and later in the week I typed the same message to someone who beat me in lane.
My summoner name includes slang from a really specific culture/language. I ended up vs. someone with a similar name so we chatted in that language:

he asked if I was from his culture

I claimed to be in love with his mother (very mature, I know)

he accused me of being his father

I told him yes, and that if he wins I'll come home after all these years

he lost
I was playing in blindpick solo, wanted to practice Pyke before I started OTPing him.   


I met another Pyke, who was a solid 1 mil or so Pyke OTP with the Blood Moon skin, I was running the PsyOps skin, so naturally we nerded out over Pyke skins. Throughout the game we made a deal that whoever hooks our ADC the most times is the better Pyke player, but we gave up on it half way through.   


What we really did was sit in topside river, dancing together and just chilling. We talked all game, and he even gave me some amazing tips which helped me tremendously, and I even looked at some of his replays later and learned a lot from him and how he plays.  


This would never have happened without all chat, and I am genuinely sad it's going away. So many amazing people who play casually are getting caught in the crossfire.  


Why does Riot genuinely just ruin everything good about their game?
Allchat should only be disabled in Ranked.  Never in ARAM, URF or Normal games.

Besides, the option to disable /allchat is already available to everyone. If they don't remove it, it's because they enjoy it. And I have yet to meet anyone who has /allchat disabled.
I was playing Jungle Ekko, taking a break from ranked. Got into game and I said “how’s everyone doing today”. The enemy top Laner was an Urgot. He said he was taking a break from studio time so I asked “where can I find your music”. His music is right here https://open.spotify.com/artist/3G9tTMXbJePqvLk62ULydl?si=lUpCKmxxQIe2npb5BTOOvg&dl_branch=1








I play in a band myself. We ended up talking a lot about his process and his instrumentals. He said it was funny that I was beating him listening to his own music. Great experience, really good dude.
I was playing Jhin with some friends a while back, and the enemy ADC got really tilted and started raging in allchat. I started typing in-character in allchat, things like "I've made you BEAUTIFUL!" when I killed an enemy or "Hmmph. Philistines." when I got killed. Eventually everyone else started joining in, chatting in-character and having fun despite the one guy still raging. It was surprisingly fun, since even when I died I had fun coming up with something to say in allchat.

Though to be fair, it did start with someone whining, so YMMV.
when I type ''gg mid diff ez'' after being 0-6 in lane and getting carried
Once played tank Thresh top against a mastery 7 Garen main who obviously underestimated the damage from Thresh's E passive, which resulted in me getting 5 easy kills and getting fed. While that was happening, he kept saying in all chat caps locks about why the hell does thresh do so much damage and that he's done, blaming riot for their bs, etc. Like he wasn't necesarily mad at me, he was more mad about the fact that he jut lost to a Thresh 1v1 as Garen. It did make me chuckle a bit but also sad since I understood that feeling of getting demolished in a 1v1 against a very weird matchup as your main, happened once with top Nami when I played Mundo ( my main pick ) and also got flamed in all chat but didn't really care since it was draft.
Some guy had gone through a break up on my team, said he was heavily drinking and that he is sorry for playing bad and everyone just comforted him. Ranked game btw.
someone on my team died to enemy gangplank and called him "soyplank" in all chat, enemy team lol'd and the gankplank inted multiple times to kill the sivir on my team who called him soyplank

an amumu yesterday was celebrating canadian independence day and someone on my team died to his gank so they said "i knew canadians were rat bastards fuck you amumu" and then amumu proceeded to camp his lane and say canadian patriotic shit which was funny

i queued with my 2 friends and we all had kda, and the enemy seraphine also had kda so we asked her to come to baron pit for screenshots, which she ended up doing

&#x200B;

if you get angry at all chat just mute, fun moments and banter are some of the best parts of league
Some years ago i was playing alone and had a toxic teammate, I talked to the enemy team, I joined then next game and we became and still are friends
the enemy team taught me how to use Jhin ult on ARAM while my own team was flaming me, the enemy xerath told me that I was supposed to recast curtain call to fire my Ulti
Once I was getting flamed as Naut support by my Ezreal. They are typing in team chat support can't hit hook, useless GG FF 15. After they proceeded to die a 4th time in ten minutes, enemy Varus typed in all chat, "man I feel bad for your Naut to have to support this Ez". He didn't even know the Ezreal was flaming me. Made my day.
never tbh

but i did say "wp" to the enemy champ when he outplayed my play
I was kayle top i think? Or diana. One of them. I know for a fact enemy was Fiora. After solokilling him witha pretty nice flash a random "well played there" appeared in all chat from her to me. 

&#x200B;

That game was so satisfying, ngl. Best LP i ever got since the enemy was a nice player and the game was nice everywhere.
I got called a scripter for my Draven play once. That was nice.
I just like asking how everyone is doing at the start of a late night game sometimes. Everyone in that lobby all plays and enjoys league and we have some camaraderie, and sometimes a casual chat gets going while we wait for minions to spawn. Please don’t actually do this riot :(
New Year’s Eve in 2020. Both teams gathered in the baron pit and we had a dance party and our own New Years celebration. One of the fondest memories I have with this game
GP: STFU YOU IDIOT, I DONT CARE IF WE LOSE THIS GAME, I DONT WANT A BRAINDEAD 3 YEAR OLD TO WIN

GP: Please report kayn, he is a flammer

Both in allchat. This was a friend of mine, he did not notice he used allchat for the first message until well past a minute and was angry because all enemies were replying “lmao”
[deleted]
Literally never
I lost brain cells reading but thanks
Yeah, there was a time when I was pretty new and through all chat I learned a thing or two, without ridicule. Befriended enemies and played together, even.

That doesn't nullify the fact that, 99% of the time all chat was used to troll and flame, in my experience. I do and will support the removal. Still, maybe it was that expected toxicity that made those tiny specks of feelgood moments special.
some guy ran it down in my game earlier today (i'll let you know if they get banned) so I spent the game mostly typing random shit with the enemy team. Pretty fun time tbh.
spaming GG EZ and  Z Z Z  Z  noobs GG
It’s topics like these that let you know this whole sub is below plat
i literally met my friend of now 4 years in all chat
one of my best friends, i met in season 3 via all chat. we were playing top lane in d1, and we were trading kill for kill on irelia vs riven (i miss old irelia so fucking much) and we ended up adding each other and talking more and more, and now we've become irl friends, and i talk to him almost every day, and we dont even live that far from each other....all chat is a good thing, snowflakes at riot really are fucking morons
So your example was toxicity being shut down by a toxic response. Good reason to keep it lol
No
All chat has never caused me any problems. I don't really get the uproar. I agree that 'gg ez' is pointlessly negative and poor sportsmanship, but Riot has a way to punish that - they just refuse to use it.
"NO FIGHT, LET'S JUST FARM" basic strategy.
Someone on our team was worried about moving to a dorm for school since he didnt have a car to carry groceries (specifically rice bags lol), we asked the enemy team and we all gave him tips for groceries on public transport

A legendary aram game where we all danced, blew flashes together, and the enemy team gave a sunfire penta to our tank

Also a cassio flash ulting the wrong way and immediately telling us all she was going to uninstall lmao
My best memory is I met someone in a normal match named Mr Kimble. Being a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger movies I can quote his one liners all day long. But so could this guy, and we went back and forth all game having fun and competing who knows more Arnold one-liners.
There was this fiddlesticks on the enemy team that was absolutely terrifying. It was literally like playing a horror game for 45 minutes. Our team was pleading for our lives in all chat, but as soon as we would feel safe and secure, there he was.

We all added the player after the game and became friends and played together for years. We still play a game every once in a while if we end up on at the same time.


Another one was when someone on our team was playing teemo, and IIRC they were demolishing the lane.

The enemy top laner didn't say a single thing the entire game except for one singular *"fk u teedo"* and like 6 years later it's still an inside joke, and the only thing I can think of when I see that champion do anything is "fk u teedo." It's stupid as hell, but I think it counts.
Setting up races when I’m playing Rammus against an enemy Quinn
Just a couple games ago, I was complimenting the enemy jungler on their plays, always feels nice to spread some positivity.
joined someone's discord from all chat just last night, made some friends... good times, good times
I already miss the best of the tribunal, now it'll be ancient history. RIP Mundo's shose shop.
My friend got his first-ever pentakill with all chat. He was dancing with the enemy team after we got stomped and they decided through all chat to give him a pentakill. It will always be a memorable moment in our group.
We were playing URF with a friend just few days ago. I played neeko， my friend played blitz and so did one enemy player. We called him to baron's pit to share some cute blitzcrank hugs and well, it was wholesome. It was a wholesome threesome.
I've reconnected with multiple people from other online games by getting matched against them in ARAM.  One was 3 years after our last interaction.  Just a week later, I ran into someone from a game I'd quit a year earlier.  Just this year, we ran into someone who'd been forced to clear her friend list by her ex-boyfriend a few years ago.

All situations were facilitated by /all chat.  The first two people had different usernames than they'd used in those other games, so I didn't recognize them.  If I'd left the post game chat (or gotten stuck and forced to skip stats, which isn't very uncommon), I never would've known.  They were yelling at me in /all to see if I was the same person they'd played with in the other games.  As a rule, I don't accept friend requests from people I haven't spoken to, so without /all chat, I would've been oblivious.

Thanks to /all chat, I managed to group with old friends and (former) enemies for years.
I think maybe 10 times and I have played since 2017
a few days ago I was playing Ezreal bot against a Qiyana jungle. First 10 minutes of the game the Qiyana camped us bot and killed me 4 times. The Qiyana was making fun of me in all chat. Then we went to a fight in drake and I started poking her with q and as she was getting low on health I started going after her. She went into a bush and I threw a q blind, hit her but didn't kill her. Her entire team came out of nowhere and killed me 4v1. I wrote in all chat "how much hp had you left" she said "4 hp" and we both laughed. Next time we saw each other in the river we started dancing...
I was getting dove bot by the enemy ADC, Support and Jng on Nautilus. ADC was already dead. I had the outplay of my life combined with missplays by my enemy and got a double kill with the enemy jng burning flash. Enemy ADC in all chat, "NGL WP".
Top lane, season 3. Bro lanes were the best. Just two dudes sitting top farming together and cracking jokes. 

ARAM all the time. Nothing more fun than loading on to the bridge, saying something completely nonsensical to the enemies, and then everybody blowing their flash in front of each other before the first minions get there.
“Nice gank” 
“Nice cock”
Normal games, nasus mirror matchup. Struck a truce, and we both ended up 0/0/0 with 250+ cs
when i told the enemy feeding yasuo to stop playing yasuo
I played against a Jax as WUkong and we kept one upping eachother, constantly complimenting eachother.
This was about two years ago, I was spamming arams for some reason I cant remember whu. But then enemy team was a 4 man and random. They were really nice, we joked around in all chat. After the game I friended them and joined them a few more games. They were really nice in vc. Very wholesome people. They had a group that they let me join too. We would play every day and we got to know each other better. It's been a while since riot removed the group option so we don't talk as much but I'm still good friends with the leader of the group and she basically treats me like a son, trying to make sure I'm taking care of myself and doing well in school. I recently found out that she has cancer and has to take chemo, but that the doctor are starting to see that things might not go well soon. I've been trying to check up on tie to time and I feel bad that we don't play as much anymore. It's my last year of highschool and I'm focusing on school cause last year was just really crappy but I hope things turn out for the best. This is one of the few online relationships I'm really happy about.
I start all my ARAMs with a "flash in place if x opinion." Almost everybody flashes and dances once I take the first step. Occasionally they will let someone execute under turret and it's such a vibe.
Had a game today where my Jungle tried to flame me in all chat about his terrible play but than the enemy jungler defended me. It sucks tha ti do not get that anymore but i see get the pleasure of idiots on my team flaming me.

If this is their argument they may as well remove team chat as well because it is even more useless.
"GG"
I remember this one for all game from not too long ago where my team was Vladimir and we were against Kaisa. Well my team hard fed early but in mid my Kaisa trued with me and we just hard farmed  the first 10 min if the game. They also did this thing where whenever they had their ward up they would place it under my tower, and I would do the same for them and we'd kill it. Eventually though, one of the enemy Kaisa's came mid after taking their lanes turret and I just solo killer them and my lander just watched it happen xD same thing happened for one of my teammates coming mid 
We both got hard flamed by our team but it was awesome lol.
Ran into my boyfriend on the enemy team before. Every time we'd manage to kill/assist in a kill against one another we'd all chat "Bonk." The entire team on both sides ended up doing so, as dumb as it was. Cute little bit of fun and everyone was perfectly happy and gging afterwards.
none
When I play proxy singed and they get annoyed as fuck and call Singed an "OP champ" or they overchase the proxy and die and rage.

When I'm 0/10/12 and type "top gap" to the enemy darius  who thought he was better bc he won lane. So toxic amirite? Doubt he can play league again after that, geez...

When there's someone from my country in the enemy team (you can tell through their name) and you make friendly banter in all chat.

All the times I've made friends by making jokes in all chat

This is really such a stupid play by Riot... They're killing the essence of the game and don't realize it
When I'm getting stomped in lane I love typing "oh yes harder daddy" to my enemy laner
Just today I was in the pre-game lobby with someone. We were both hovering off-meta picks and struck up conversation. 8 dodges later, we end up on opposing teams. Friendly conversation continues in-game (via all-chat, mind you. Team chat was as toxic as usual)
I was playing mao top against vlad.

20 minutes of farming and hitting each other with noodles while our teams were popping off and flaming each other.

Around 12 minutes we started chatting and joking about toplane gameplay. 

It was fun
I was playing Sett against a Garen. Garen is building AP.

I ask him: "AP Garen?" He goes: "Yeah and you buying tabis, you fool"  
I dive him and die and say: "Oh no, should have build mr"  
he: "Told ya"

He probably got reportet by his teammates but we still had fun typing to each other.  (was a normal)
All the times, most toxic stuffs come from team chat. Most of my all chat experience are harmless jokes and just banters.
My cat was pregnant, I was playing normal draft when she started giving a birth


I warned everyone in allchat chat about what's happening and I have to check if everything was fine while going afk and basically both teams gathered around me on top lane emoting, chatting and doing nothing.


We FF'd aftrer 20 min hit, and in the postgame lobby someone asked for photos and even were trying to give kittens names


Half of players added me to friends after that game and checked on kittens from time to time.
I’m playing bot lane with my duo support. Enemy top laner is a Nasus. Ours is Mundo.

Nasus: hey mundo, let’s have a truce and just farm

Me: Mundo don’t accept. It’s a trick. He just wants Q stacks to one hit our nexus later

Mundo: no truce

Nasus: fuck. Well worth a shot
We (5 stack) befriended the enemy supp Swain. And by befriended I mean that we play 5-mans together on an almost weekly. We called their jg and top were sweaty Polish tryhards (it's EUNE) and Swain responded favourably, and we got along since her team was toxic as shit, then she just danced in our fountain while her team was trying to end. Game lasted 50 minutes, we lost but at the very end gifted her a pentakill.

Also, someone spammed kill yourself in morse code.
Can't think of any tbh.
No specific example. Most of the time nothing happens, sometimes some toxic person on the enemy team tries to complain and we refute them, and sometimes (especially unranked) we chat about random things. And of course, the /all gg after a game.

Most league players are normal people, what Riot is doing is almost dehumanizing the enemy team by removing communication between the two. Negative interaction will ALWAYS exist, and what they should do is add to the positivity instead of taking away these ambiguous half-positive half-negative features.
I was playing Lux mid vs fizz and i managed to solo kill him at level 4, i got back in lane and i was level 7 he was still 5 in part because of his death and in part because he roamed just a bit and lost some exp, i saw this HUGE opportunity (also because fizz oneshot me at 6 just because he exists) so i went for heavy trading and almost oneshotted him since i was 2 levels+items ahead.  

i cairred the game and he wrote "WP Lux" in the end, i was happy because i really think that i played well, especially for spotting that i was 2 levels ahead and using that to snowball my advantage.
When we had a yuumi ai in as my support and the whole game were sat in all chat trying to work out if it was a bot or a new player. We ended up pausing the game for 5 minutes while seeing how they interacted with us and we were able to report and ban them before continuing the game.

Also Aram all chat is always a wholesome goldmine. My fav one was when i got given twitch for the first time and played super well with him. Someone on the enemy team said "please for the love of god main twitch, you are insane with him" so i did, that was a month ago and I've climbed an entire tier. I messaged them last night to thank them.
I was playing Diana mid against a yasuo in blind pick. To say that the yasuo was amazing would be an understatement. He was everywhere while keeping up mechanically and pushing. He was flawless and I was just amazed. Saw him windwall my Ezreal's ult literally a pixel from hitting and killing the enemy support. 

Told the yasuo he is amazing and he said he would teach me. It's been 4 years since we've been married and it never would've happened if all chat wasn't there. He's genuinely the sweetest guy and I would sacrifice myself for him.
My username is “Can I get a UwU” and almost every game the enemy says “UwU”.
I remember when I was new to the game, only played Jhin, Ashe, and Senna for support. I didn’t know what cs meant, didn’t know there were support items that you were only supposed to take when playing the support role. It was my first game playing Senna adc (Jhin got taken, Ashe got banned, or other way around, idk but it doesn’t matter) and I bought that one support item that she always goes (Spectral Sickle? I think?). the enemy Sona told me the differences between support items and normal starting items, and told me to sell it on my next back. I didn’t understand what she meant at the time so I ended up selling my pickaxe instead of the actual supp item LOL but to this day I still remember how she tried to help me and I appreciate her for it, even though at the time it didn’t help me.
I have a YouTube channel and everytime someone recognises me and tells me they like my videos in all chat it definitely makes my day way better

***R.I.P /all chat***
Some of my best memories are from cross-team camaraderie, frankly. Defending players getting flamed, givinf earnest advice or receiving it. I have next to no good memories of team chat.
Literally my recent ranked game.

Noticed the enemy support's name was "phantom sixth man." Started making kuroko references in all chat. Both teams started chiming in and laning phase was FUN. 

Ended up losing the game, but the game was far more enjoyable being able to banter with the enemy team.

Another recent ranked game:

Enemy MF started trash talking once they took down our third inhib. My entire team pointed out to her that she was being carried. She continues to trash talk. My team rallies in an effort to prevent the MF from scoring a win. Managed to barely stop 3 attempts at destroying our nexus before acing the enemy team and blitzing through their base.

The game absolutely felt 100% better to win because of the enemy MF's trash talking.
When I made a guy so mad that he said he would go to jail for me (assuming he meant kill me)
I've been using all chat ever since Starcraft 2 as means of bettering myself, you see unlike most people I use it for PRACTICAL reasons.I often ask opponents about my strong points and weak points and granted all of these experiences are "subjective" to each opponent... But if something "feels annoying/bad" to the opponent it's a good indication it is the RIGHT thing to do. If you get beaten in lane and don't know why , your opponent who beat you might know a thing or two about the matchup You have not considered. Isn't that worth investigating?

This is the true meaning of "keeping enemies close" in strategy , nobody can give you information about your own shortcommings/good strategies than your enemy. Why do you think in fiction there's always this sentiment of "talking with swords".
In my 10 years of playing i cant think of any. Usually only saw all chat for toxicity or bm. Im happy with that change. But i have to add i only play ranked. Its dumb that it gets removed from normals.
I remember playing against a Kayle, don't remember who I was playing either Voli or Nasus and I just immediately type to her "It's ok you can farm" and just have the most peaceful lane imaginable.
never
When I start singing a song and someone from enemy team sings along with me. I was doing it a lot in aram.
In my experience, all chat is where the enemy team will disagree with the stupid feeders/flamersbin my team and shut them up for the rest of the game. 9/10 times when im jungle and behind someone in the enemy team will agree it's not jungle diff, but my team pushes without vision and play like apes
I had a match against Gnar top and we were even, he kept complimenting me and vice versa, whole match was like "No I am bad  you are better wp" and we kept disagreeing to compliment the other back, was fun.
I was relatively new to the game and starting to jungle, and I was for the first time not doing too badly.

But my team started flaming me, blaming me for not ganking, some things they blamed me for were valid. But I would believe others are not.

They started flaming me in all chat, saying things like "gg jungle diff", "jungler shit go next" etc.

&#x200B;

But then, the enemy team came to the rescue. The enemy jungler said I was the only one who applying pressure and taking good fights. The enemy laners said the only reason they were playing slightly safer was because I was doing a good job pressuring them. They won the game, but they defended me.

And it just felt so nice, did I play perfect that game? Of course not, im bronze and at the time was new to playing jungle. But it made me feel better, knowing that I wasn't complete trash like my team was claiming I was. Made me feel more like the enemy team was my real team.
Not the other day, I was playing Braum, fed the poro near my team to give him a tash then started approaching the one who usually spawns near the enemy, one of the enemy attacked me so I said in all chat:

"I just want the poro to have a tash."

And they let me walk up and feed it. 2 Glorious Moustashed Poros on the abyss. Great success.
People were roleplaying in ARAM
I occasionally met players who were much stronger than me and gave me advices in all chat to help me improve as the game was going on. Sometimes it even turned the tides and then they were congratulating me. I loved those games.
Whenever I play against someone with top lane syndrome, I always make sure to stick up for them.

I know what it feels like, and the mentality.
They don't need their team tilting them further.
They are not going to turn off team chat.
They will keep fighting head on from behind.

So I let them know that it's ok.
I let their team know that they are not ok.
Then I proceed to be nice the the enemy top laner while targeting those who were flaming.

TBH, wholesome all chat feels like a top lane thing.
Had a really good conversation with someone who was playing zed and completely bodied me when I was on Veigar, popped into his stream and he introduced me to a bunch of people. We played a few games and got along really well, so I became a regular on their discord server. Became really good friends with a lot of them, and I've even met one irl who I can honestly say is the closest friend I have. They've helped me through a lot and if it weren't for some random chance conversation with a mutual friend in all chat I would have never met them. I honestly don't know where I'd be without them and it saddens me that things like this might not happen anymore. It was lifechanging.
Fucking never. Doesn't mean it should be gone. People have the choice now. If they want to sit and banter , let them. I'm keeping it off as I have since I started playing
