Toxic comments in league of legends:
Someone once told me to go play fortnite.
"You are a fucking worthless braindead scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are"
Your mom go sky.
[deleted]
"do your handlers know youre on the internet unsupervised?"

[removed]
I don't know whether it was necessarily toxic but I was once told that building gunblade first on akali wasn't good.

They asked me if I was a guy and when I said yes they said that explains it.

Like. Wot.
[removed]
"tell your mom you love her because I'm going to rape and kill her tonight" 
Sorry for your loss, people ain't the best when angry.
The most toxic insult i saw was aimed at our teams support with girly name like "How much dick u sucked for boost u slut, i'd rape you better than give you play".
Insta-reported and muted.
“Go back to sandbox mode”
"I'll rope your family" - some Varus
Kid started to threaten to track someone down and shoot up their school.
[removed]
i got this one "I will slit your throat up and then I will find your family and cut them to pieces, then make a cake out of those pieces"
And we were not even losing.
"I hope you and your family will die in the burning car"
gg ez
Here before that shitty 5m meme appears
"Main yasuo?" i cried for weeks
[removed]
No words so far but this fucking thumbs up emote when they killed me. 

Holy shit if i had a rough day this emote fucks me up even more. 

On the other hand i turned off all chat and am muting all most of my games but people wishing others death and or cancer/aids is just unnecessary.
There was this person in my game in EUNE, the most toxic server ever btw, who wished cancer on our Top cause he was doing badly. I'm the sort of guy who doesnt respond to these but one person in our team was really offended by this. He said he lost his mother to cancer recently and that this guys shouldnt flame the team like this.
To my surprise the guys actually apologized but his next comment was even more retarded.
Jungler: " your mother cancer"
Top Laner: " Man you shouldnt say stuff like that I lost my mother to caner recently".
Jungler: "Sorry."
Jungler: "your father cancer."
(Will never forget this one while playing on Korean servers)
In one of my games I was doing pretty poorly, I said sorry team in English, My top and mid started typing a lot before one of them typed, hey lee sin? is your brain decoration? not particularly toxic but I laughed my ass off reading it.
[deleted]
“I would annihilate your whole family tree if I could”
[deleted]
My friend and I were playing a duoq game, and we got this very toxic Udyr, the funny thing was, we've played with him before, reported him before, and everything.

Anyway he adds both of us after the game, and like the brilliant mind I am, I accept it to see what he has to say. For the next 45 minutes (because it wouldn't let me remove him in champ select/in game) my entire chat box was filled with walls of FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU. 

I never replied to him or anything since he added me, but for damn 45 minutes I couldn't even read chat, see ping timings, etc because it was covered in fuck you.

10/10 would remember to do that one day, but I can't believe someone was that mad that they spammed fuck you for 45 minutes straight off cooldown.
some dude called me a "double n****"
I recall telling someone in my game (around two years ago) that he got thrown into a tumble dryer as a child. I obviously regret saying that, and I've reformed since but, that's the worst I can think of.
Better jungler wins.
"Shut the F*ck up you son of a bitch, i f*ck your mom you g*y sh*t"

"Stop it dad"
Had someone say "Were you born on the interstate? Because accidents happen every day"  to an adc I was duoing with. He said a few other things like "kys" and called him a "degenerate brain dead monkey who didn't deserve to be alive or find happiness" and whose existence was "painful and pitiful to watch so you might as well just end it now" before my friend started flaming back. They both ended up getting banned right after that game but my friend appealed it and got a chat restriction instead.
The weeks following losing my Dad to cancer, I decided to play some normals with some friends as a distraction and it seemed that every single mistake I made resulted in being told I should get cancer and die. 

I was very emotional and my friends (in the room with me) had to try and play while knowing I was playing through tears. 

The ‘get cancer and die’ comments are completely unnecessary- you never know what people are going through on the other end, and those comments bothered me before my dad was diagnosed, and now they just upset me.
Most ive seen "end urself u pathethic excuse of human being" 

Could be just "kys" but is not enuff nowadays
Actually my earlier game today. Our jungle was doing great (like 15-2 or something) but the rest of us were all struggling.  He got more and more upset and raged a while before telling us that if we lost he was going to kill himself. Assured us how much he wasn't kidding.

After the game he kept calling us every name, I stayed in chat for a while to just chat I guess and chill him out a bit since I assumed he was just trolling but can never be sure. It wasn't really any use and he kept just being horrible, so I left and reported.

I feel kinda bad about the whole thing, so I guess if he was trolling then mission accomplished for him.
''I will find where you live and i'll slit your throat''

Probably some shit about cancer and dying in a fire

Honestly though whenever someone says shit like that you can just immediately stop arguing with them and start feeling _sorry_ for them. That just tells so much about them. If you are willing to make death threats over a few deaths in a video game then I'm just going to completely disregard whatever you say and wonder why you are so messed up.

Levelling a new account and get an enemy akali. First blood her with a flash crit auto on tryndamere then she proceeds to run it down mid name was 'something MEMEKYSXD' all caps. Starts SUPER FLAMING both teams in all chat and calling people niggers, stuck around in post game lobby they then said 'account gone anyway kill blacks' and left. Ggwp
piece of milk

I wish Logan Paul found you in a forest in Japan instead
A little change of pace.

I flamed some kid one day because he was feeding pretty hard in top lane. The typical stuff like asking him of he was mentally retarded and whatnot. He was tham kench feeding a riven after I ganked for him twice and got him ahead. Anyway after laning riven was fed but we're still trying to win and in team fights he kept using the devour on minions not saving it for saves. Obviously I flamed him for it. All of this he never responded to. 

So later on were in another team fight and he saved his devour this time and used it really well and I told him nice job. My friend who I was playing with who is toxic as all hell was sarcastically telling me to apologies now.  So I did and the kid who I was flaming for most of the game finally responded and said thanks and he's new to the champ. 

Felt good to say sorry this time. He was a nice kid. 
Can link you some of my old comms from my banned account but they'd probably ban me.

EUW can be so fucking imaginative with their insults.
Had an Ekko last night in post game blame me for the loss and call me “brain dead retarded player, seriously just go jump, your sisters a slut, kill your self nobody cares about you” 

That’s the first time after playing for a year that somebodies in game words genuinely made me feel really terrible. 

I reported him and opened a ticket with Riot, screenshots etc. Tracking their OPGG hope they get banned :/ 
I hope you drown in your mothers blood. (Not gonna lie, pretty creative)
ggwp
Probably not the most toxic thing I've ever seen but definitely the one that stuck with me the most was someone wishing my family to die in a bus crash. 

I told him that, unlike his family, my family could afford to travel via personal cars. He then typed "car crash*"

Shit had me cracking up
People usually tell me to kill myself when playing Yasuo, regardless of my ingame performance. IDK, people tend to be really toxic towards Yasuo players
Holy that even hurt me when i read this ._.
Some guy once told me i'm poopy :(
Not counting my time on the season 2-3 tribunal but this always made me laugh. The username not blocked out is mine so don't worry. :)
http://imgur.com/vELS645
"Hey buddy, I am trying to get back in to league of legends.. but players like you, aimlessly walking around the map missing every possible skillshot and feeding, I remember - is the reason I left to begin with.. so thank you for reminding me"
When I see people like you I think post births abortions should be legal. 
"Oh, the feeder wants to surrender now. Are you French, don't you?"
probably not the most toxic but it caught me off guard the most

"Thresh: Heal?"

"Ashe: Oh sorry."

"Thresh: Get cancer."

I wasn't even level 30...
[deleted]
"I hope ur gf dies of cancer"

"My girlfriend has cancer. She has Hodgkin's Lymphoma.. Not really funny dude"

"good I hope it kills her"


Guy never even got chat restricted. I saved the download, sent it to Riot CS via ticket.. Screenshots of it, and the diagnosis.. I literally called Riot IRL, and they told me that if the report system doesn't flag it there's nothing they can do.

That was the day I lost all faith in Riot's ability to protect players.
Someone told me that he will find me and stab my family and me, Which I responded with: u want my exact location so you can find me faster? 

He didn’t respond. 


Oh and also, someone told another guy in game that he will Mail some rope and a giant black dildo so he can Fuck himself in the ass one more time before he hangs himself. 
The worse thing i have ever seen on league was said by me, it was one of those times where u are just consumed by anger and barely think about what you are doing, conversation was like this

lux: "uninstall you are garbage"

me: "i hope you die, even better, i hope your mom dies in front of you"

lux: :"i dont have a mother anymore"

me:"yea not a big surprise id also kill myself if i had you as my son"

obviously i started to rethink the situation half an hour later and i deeply regret it
worst thing said i can remmember was probably me.
had a player on my team flaming every one and when he started flaming in he's mother's toungue i said "i sincerely wish another terrorist attack specificly in your region and  hope yo get sent to the grave with your whole lineage" was conveniant at the time since there had been a lot of terrorist attacks in he's country
Just becuase i said yes on a surrender on a lost game, my yasuo told me that my family should get cancer and that they should die infront of me while i'm unable to do anything
The most satisfying moments is when enemy team is flaming you, and you win. 

When enemy is flaming you because your champion is easy to play, and you win. 

Or when you make a mistake and die, enemy starts BMing and you know Damn Well that they are garbage, and you shit on them in lane Everytime they are trying to farm. 
Someone once told me to hang myself like the degenerate gp abuser I was and that my parents deserved to be shot cause they made me. 
"I hope your mother dies of cancer" to a friend of mine who lost her mother to cancer when she was a kid. 
one guy in my game said this to the jungler "i hope your mother dies" just because he didn't gave him blue buff
"I hope you outlive your children"
"don't be toxic, he might play offrole"
 - to me playing lux as lux OTP vs dive heavy team comp
Worst thing is that, no matter how much you report them or send evidence to Riot, they receive no punishment (or maybe a 10-game chat restriction max).

I literally had a game full of "kys" and "hang yourself", etc., used IFS, and then screenshotted everything and sent it to Riot. The reply I got was "We don't care and aren't going to do anything about it".

That was the day I lost faith in Riot.
"i fucked your mom" from enemy yasuo after killing him 3 times in lane
People haven't said to many rough things towards me, but damn I can get mad. sorry boyuuss
I've had people witch hunt me and send me messages to kill myself in various social media
Worst that I heard when I was in low plat was : I hope you get aids and die in a carcrash

Nr 2: Your parents must regret that you were ever born
Granted it's not a horrible thing to say--and not even ban worthy--but *"The best part of you dripped down your mothers leg at the night of conception"* is a personal favourite I bust out when someone is being a toxic boi. You could spice it up further by following up with *"You should feel honored; I only pull that insult out for special people, which is fitting since pulling out is exactly what your father should've done"*, but then you're kinda playing with fire. 
The enemy singed spam pasted a bunch of suicide hotlines after shitting on our top laner at the post game lobby. 

Edit: wording
"I fuk ur mum" -some 12yo last week
Remember: toxic words come from a toxic mind. 

The guy shouting is the victim. If you know this you can distance yourself and not take it personal. It’s their our emotions and problems. 

While some things might seem hurtful in the moment, once you know they’re just helplessly crying it will soon not phase you at all and only feel sorry for them. 
There was this enemy Lux who said that he/she wanted me to have a daughter some day just for her to die a horrible death while I am forced to watch, not able to do anything about that.

Then there was an enemy Ekko who said that he wants Isis to take over europe to behead me.
He went afk after that.

I hope you ride the short bus to school because that is the only way you are getting carried
No u
"First time Yasuo?" even though I have 500k+ mastery points PepeHands
Maybe not the most toxic, but made me laugh: "id wish you syphilis but thatd mean you got laid". Gotta love 4am soloqueue on weekends.
I'm actually hesitating between these two:
- there should be another Holocaust and my family including me should be burnt alive in crematorium + he inted my game because my club had a polish name. This guy didn't get banned.
- a detailed description of how this guy would come to me at night and kill all my family. He focused mainly on raping me and slicing my throat. + He isn't banned as well.
Our adc was 1/7 and was getting flamed by our jungler all game. Jungler says something about the adc’s mom, who according to the adc was dead. Jungler then says “well that’s 6 less deaths than you”
Does spamming Laugh/emotes/MIA pings behind tower for the entirety of a 30 minute game count? They didn't say anything, but it was the most toxic thing I had ever seen.
I hope your mother dies in an inferno blast
So my dog died two days before this match and she was with me for 12 years and I posted about it on twitter. So during a game this dude was being super toxic and directed his anger at me because I was Morgana support. I basically told him to fuck off, so he then found my twitter (ign and twitter handle are the same) and was commenting on how he's glad my dog died and that was the only friend I was ever going to have. Usually toxic assholes don't get to me, but that did.
Was playing some norms and this trynd was so hell bent on counter jgling.  I thought it would be nice to give a quick pro tip that he's stealing their shit at1:35.  blames me when he died his first gank.  blames me for being counterjgled.  he runs it down mid twice but i got a double kill after.  carried with 20 kills and 4 deaths and this guy still blames me for losing when he had 4 kills and 15 deaths.
Denied blue buff, by a 5/0 Jinx, which I wanted to help me push lane to win. They said “maybe when your 5/0” “get killing” 

**oops mb lemme just start getting pentakills 1sec**
“You can get the next blue buff” -jungle
“Well you can win your next game” -mid
[your mid has disconnected]
Someone told me to uninstall and play Dota :(
I sent proof of someone telling me my IP location and saying he'd come after me, I reported it to Riot, and demanded they ban him. They basically told me to go shove myself, and report it to my local police department. 

Thanks Riot.
Playing in the garena server specifically in the Philippines there a lot of kids that play and while this wasn't said in chat I was sitting next to a kid in a computer shop. and he said 

Tangina mo gago ka di ka mahal ng mama mo chuchupain ko mama mo di mo na siya makikita bukas.

Translation: (note: I'll try my best to translate)
Fuck you bitch your mom does not love you,I will have sex with your mom and you will not see her tomorrow.

He said this while raging after dying to a soraka he tower dives using master yi.He slammed his hands on the keyboard and said so many curse words that I tried to not slap him for how toxic he is.

P.s. kids are common here in the Philippine server of league they are known for their toxicity and their stupidity. As they like to pick yasuo,zed,vayne only to feed and flame
Get aids/cancer 
Seriously you should nobody wish this 
"You deserved to be raped" was probably the only threat that caught me off guard for once. 
Getting called a e-girl boosted animal amongst other things after dominating game of 2 v 3 in the bot, has happened more then once as well,  it amuses me to be fair, but the assumption that having a female fantasy name makes you a "e-girl" does disgust me how peoples only argument after getting destroyed is to try insult someone's potential gender.
I don’t really remember the worst thing anyone has ever said to me but the worst thing I’ve ever said to someone else will always stick with me. I was in my gold 5 promos and my riven was feeding her ass off. He had been a riven 1trick for 3 years and played thousands of games in silver with a <50% winrate. Knowing all this I decided to tell him “hey man, I know you must be new to riven. Don’t let this game discourage you. If you just play like 10-20 games with her you should get the hang of it and start climbing.” He soft inted down mid while spamming ff votes the whole rest of the game, and we still won. FeelsAmazingMan.
Typical yasuo player: Reprot jng (i was jng but in 5 min he was 0/3 so lane was over) no gank ff at 15.

But we still carried him :)
this looks casual EUW flame , bet you're from there 

For me it was something like going trough depression and queue to play league, had a carry performance , pointed out that yasuo was useless and didnt do anything aside from chatting how bad his team was then he proceed to tell "how much worthless my life and that i should probably kill myself for everyone sake"
5m
gg wp
ggez
"i isis bomb your house"
Tbh I can't think of any insult I have gotten that would be worth mentioning except maybe some spanish/french/Italien insults that I can't understand anyways.

The insults I got would be the typical "you suck" or "noob"  which are not insults IMO if they come from people that are standing 0/12/2 .
"K*S" because kys ain't allowed 
You’re not doing anything.
You should have just alt f4ed potentially making him feel bad, as people whi flame want to keep flaming, and when you just instantly leave he might understand he went too far
5m
5m
0/12/5
"ez"
5m you
5m
kr soloq flame is the best
I am kinda used to being told I'm shit/suck/kms but this one was rather new


https://clips.twitch.tv/VainKathishMinkStinkyCheese
"Did you know that your mom died at Sunday?She was too busy sucking dicks at the church just to take the candle for free.Kill yourself to join your mom dumbass"

I literally laughed my ass off
"I hope all your family gets cancer and your children die in your arms" 
i cant remember but jesus all these insults are weak, ive been told things unbearable, ive been ddosed, ive said some horrible things too, and the worst you guys heard is “fuck your mom loser” or some weak shit? 
Get good in
5m 
Olaf after I took some cs: "Ok, I'm not helping anymore"
Another Olaf after losing: "You all suck dick"
These all seem to be Olaf mains lol
something along the lines of he doesnt need to group because its hard for him to carry us if he does. 
“You call me gay?”

“No”

“Ok then i leave”
when 0-30 bottom lane . 0-6 mid 0-9 jg. said to me I was trash and lost cause of me top lane and i was 8-2
EUW <3

https://twitter.com/FORG1VENGRE/status/977210583585120256


https://i.imgur.com/ORUC5VR.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/KweT3Tb.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/Ws7ev65.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/CIBbC7F.jpg
To be fair, what were you expecting when you told a toxic kid online that your grandfather had just passed? Kinda set yourself up. 
Fuck you
you retard
you retard
some more curses
you retard
you retard

I was playing normal with friends and we wanted to do some fun stuff so one of my friends went rakan jg but that guy instalocked kayn and started cursing out of his mind and fed the whole game
I don't have a worst specific incident just the usual slurs or if I am fed on Lucian the usual, "I know how to shut you down Lucian, I have chicken" stuffs. What bothers me more is fam, it is 2018, the english language is large and we even make up words per year, can we not just get better jokes?
Arab scum.
>get back into league

>try and relax

Pick one
5m
"I hope your kids would be transgenders"
worst thing i have seen ever.
Welcome to any online game ever. I was a big COD kid back in the day iv seen all kinda of BM. 
as a master flamer, i just flame people's intelligence, nothing else. no need to go any farther
That is your fualt, there was no reason to make the game depressing by bringing up death, you asked for it right there. You should know league is a toxic game and should have expected this. Yea the person who replied was an asshole and had no reason to say that aswell. If you think league is an relaxing place and comfort then leave because its not.


First of all why would you even tell some random on a video game that your Granddad died? Don’t get me wrong what he said was very uncalled for and terrible and I truly mean that. I am extremely toxic and a feeder if I am tilted but there are certain things even I refrain from saying. I would never attack someone by bringing up personal shit(unless they say personal shit to me)  into it. I’m sorry you had to hear that from him but you should’ve known damn well not to even bother saying something like that. You should know how people on the internet are. You were just asking for a rude response.
Just saying, people don't take it seriously when you say shit like that. I would never think to type in chat "I'm thinking about hanging myself" if I was literally suicidal, because 9/10 times the response will be "Do it." Players play for fun, which means being funny and joking around, which is lazily done by being edgy. It's immature but that's the reality of most video game communities. They appeal to kids.

Tl;dr: Don't make yourself vulnerable. If you need a buffer, mute chat.
something someone you will literally never know said to you in a video game messed you up?
They other day I told someone that being forced to interact with them made me empathize with people who commit suicide. Have also called a few people a burden on society and/or 'worse than useless'.
Hey OP. I'm the guy who said that to you lmao
My favorite to use: "Isn't it hard to play this game using your feet on a wiimote?"
Cause it has the most children. Youre probably not experienced enough since you opened up with "hey i lost my grandfather" but honestly the only thing you can do is learn to ignore it. You cant reason with it so mute all and play or "grow thicker skin"(without sounding rude)
All of this shit is lame af , ya'll aren't even trying.
Why on earth did you tell someone that is flaming you that your grandfather died? Also I’m positive he was joking



here is what earned my my 2 perma bans and a few 14 day bans until I removed the chat altogether:

I bet your own mother has wet dreams about snapping ur fucking neck.

You piece of shit virgin dumbfuck. Judging by the amount of crap you say,  your bastard father regularly shits into your brain.

Your whole family is so fat, I recommend you all a big dinner of cyanide.

Cyclone B is the right way to resolve your mental problems, you dipshit. 

-"fken kid, are you seven?"
-"Nah I am 3 and more IQ than your family combined".


-Ima punch your front teeth out so you dont bite my dick as you suck my cum out. 

After game enemy said:
-"polish dog"
- I guess that's somewhat true as you ate dogshit for last 35 minuets. Bon appetite, mofo.



Just the typical "get cancer" type of thing.

Pretty funny imo
[deleted]
stop fcking crying why you even say that you had a rough week and somebody died nobody really cares and you wonder why they're making you more sad if you give them privat information and doesn't mute him
