Toxic comments in league of legends:
"Go stand in the river as a ward so you are useful"

Was addressed as a ward for the rest of the game by the whole team.
After not saying anything all game in a frustrating loss, my support hit the team with:

"On the bright side *godawful midlaner* can't be in our next game because it must take them half an hour just to navigate the client."
The 0-7 ADC said “no ff I got big damage now” 

Top replied: “the only damage you have is in your brain”
"The caster minion is more mechanically gifted than you"
"Our Annie has the map awareness of Christopher fucking Columbus".
“Not even olafs ultimate can get rid of your disabilities”
Mine was from my group of friends, my bro did a bad gank and my mate hit him with "Go back to the jungle with the other animals."
"Buy brain on next back pls"
My friend’s jungler in his last game posted the link to the online McDonalds application process and told the enemy jungle to check it oht
By far the "best" was between two Turkish dudes. Went like this:

"I'm gonna plant a tree in your mothers ass, and fck your sister under its shade"

I was so amazed at that level of poetic flaming I did not even report the dude.
A Shen once repeatedly said “Eat bags of rocks” and the message has really stuck with me.
> our support defrosts pizza rolls in his ass for a living
After Pyke died for the 15 time:
Pyke: hold them back, I'm going to backdoor their nexus
Teammate: with your showing so far, i think the nexus can outplay you too
"Press F to pay respects, press /ff because this game is fucked, press F again because our lee sure as fuck can't"

-mid lane after baron was stolen by a soraka Q
Afker went afk right after saying "brb heart attack". To this day I'm not sure if it was true or not.
"Guys this isn't fair we have a language barrier with our jungler, none of us speaks dog"
"Hey man, I'm about to go on a safari real soon, wanna join? Maybe you can help me find my fucking top laner"
I had a Fizz on my team who said “You type like a Harry Potter Character LMAO” after I said all assassin players are “insufferable”
I personally love the one that had been memed on an Xbox live tag.

"I'd say your aim is cancer, but cancer actually kills people."
"not even noah and his ark can carry these animals"
"Picking your ass and then smelling your finger has more mechanics than Lucian"
“I’m gonna fly to your town tinder match with your mother fuck her brains out become your stepdad and ground you if you don’t start using your goddamn ult.”

Edit: thanks for all the upvotes. The champion in question not using their ult was soraka.
"Our jungler's brain doesn't have any wrinkles."
"honor riven" says the enemy team

"Bullying the mentally disabled isn't honorable" says our teammate
Mid: Jg Gap

Jg: Only gap here is between your teeth
"I wish my HIV Test came back as negative as Tristanas attitude"
Our midlane Yasuo died 3 times deep in enemy jungle.

My friend in chat: "you play like a WW2 japanese fighter pilot"
"I hope your mom gets shot and the surgeon is as useless as you playing league"
"Go get Gangplank Q'd irl"

Had a botlane hard lose 2v2, and they were going at it. Adc dies once more and calls support cancer. Support then says  "I'd say toxic players like you are cancer, but cancer has a better k/d than 0/3"
[deleted]
In game of blitzcrank vs MF one for all while we (the blitzs) were fountain camping.

"Its like shooting mentally disabled goldfish in a styrofoam cup full of maple syrup"
"Don't worry mate, we are proud of you, despite the fact that your parents have no reason to"

My favourite one, because you can use it not just for terrible players, but for people who get overly confident and start spamming BM-ing. It is subtle but does the job.
“And on the 8th day god took a rest,
but he forgot to give the enemy something to eat,
so god made bot lane.”
“If you didn’t have eyes I could stick my fingers in your sockets and bowl you down a fucking lane”
In a game where our trundle soft inted and spammed surrender votes meteos (on a low diamond smurf) hit him with a "sorry trundle, we won despite your best efforts." When we finally won.
"Who logged in to league for you because theres no way you are smart enough to do it yourself"
My smurf jungler told my 0/10 jax top who was crying in chat to "go next irl".
Not a direct quote but I once had a jg refer to our mid lane as a caster minion. 

Worst part was he wasn't wrong. Their deaths were worth about that much gold and they did similar damage
"Shen is so useless that even when he is alive the announcer says 'ace!' "
“Hey Thresh you should try playing with your monitor on” :( literally died
[removed]
I would argue/fight with you but that would be animal abuse.
Me and my friend were duoing. 
He was JG I was top. He ganks mid and gets their flash. Takes three ranged creeps and our mid types "Family Dead" in chat and DCs.
Still not sure if he left to kill his family or is still hunting down my mates.
edit: spell check.
Had a game a few weeks back where the enemy Eve had 20+ kills, and our jungle Ekko was 0-4-0. This one came out after she triple kills our team in a mid siege for our inhib tower while Ekko took Agatha. 

"I don't understand how you guys have the Eve, but it's our jungler who's invisible."
"Give me ur human rights, you don't deserve them."
"I hope someone close to you gets a bad cancer diagnosis, but after a few days you learn it was a fluke so you had to worry for real, but for no reason."
The other day an enemy Blitzcrank challenged an ally to a 1v1 then said "I'll suck on your oranges old man"
Scuttle crab has more Jungle pressure then you
“(jungler) is literally more useless than Anne Franks drum kit”
"what size are your shoes?"
"9"
"Seems pretty small for a clown such as yourself *<:o)"
"put that salt on my fries"
"This team is full of monkeys, except if a billion monkeys each played a billion games of League, then *maybe* they'd produce a game this bad."
best or worst ive ever read was:  
>"If the dumpster behind the abortion clinic didnt have wifi, we would not have to play with failed abortions like you"

That one actually left me speechless for a bit and i genuinely felt bad for the people who had to read that
"Our jungler takes the ramp into buildings"
"You are so much useless that i wont even call you trash because at least trash can be recycled and used for something"
ADC saying to his support who sacrificed 3 times in 3 mins for his over pushing ass... - I owe you more than Greece owes European Union ...
"We understand that someone troll picking disco nunu, running it down for 25 minutes for a laugh and cursing you out is a frustrating experience, but you saying:

thcastlebuilder: Fuck.

does not solve the situation. Thus we believe your penalty still stands. There is an option to report unfavorable behaviour and we will do our best to investigate every matter as it is brought to our attention. Take a break if you feel things are getting too much. Go for a walk, make a sandwich. Avoid responding to toxicity with toxicity of your own."

Ladies and gentlemen: The worst toxic line, ever.
"Wait I can die? I swore this was a bot round."
"You could end the hunger crisis in Africs the way you're feeding"
“Report mid. He’s cheating by using extra chromosomes”

Definitely not appropriate.
I was playing Teemo one game a few months ago. Someone turret dived me, got the kill, and proceeded to put in all chat: 

"Fuck you, mushroom rat"

I died of laughter and I haven't stopped calling Teemo mushroom rat since
"You are so much inferior at this game you cant even force me to lose when you try and I try to win." 

After game where player was carried while trying to lose and spamming ff
"Get shoved back up your mother so she can abort you properly next time."
I would rather have scuttle in my Team next game then you,atleast she can fucking dodge
Some guy in my Normal Game:

„Go under car useless dog“ 

I live by his words to this very day


Edit: my Friends and me collect the most memorable quotes from our games if anybody  wants more inspiring league quotes to keep up with that toxic mentality
Malzahar: hope you get

Malzahar: C

Malzahar: A

Malzahar: N

Malzahar: C

Malzahar: E - Ready

Malzahar: R - 26 seconds
Me: ping drake when it's up

My teammates: we dont need drake.
I thought I logged into League not Ape Escape.
Stomped our lane really hard then snow balled into a victory.

The enemy team had this to say in response to my GGEZ

“It’s not hard to win against kids from the make a wish foundation.” 

Felt like that was the best way to call a teammate cancerous I’ve ever seen.
"even your imaginary pets are disappointed in you"
"You're a walking ward" had always been my favorite but I some new ones made the list after reading the thread.
"are you playing with a steam controller?"
I don't really run into hard flame, but these ones were one I remembered because they made our discord group cry laughing at

* "jesus christ ziggs be shooting 3 pointers from downtown cus you don't wanna get over your fuckin ego and just play . you did nothing all game because you were so preoccupied with being assmad"
* "hold up autismo dan"
"why would you get inhibs? that'll just give them more gold to farm!"

as we barrel down their last lanes inhib.... dude was wild.
"Don't mind us, we are just hoping skuttle crab will take over ganking, give our jungler a coloring book and a corner."
"Your mother only loved you for your body, she loved me for my personality."
- “Are you a caveman or something? Ooga fucking booga, give us a fucking gank god dammit”
Had a guy yesterday type out "Yuumi, if u are a man, come Discord after the game".. I just thought it was funny as hell
"Are you playing with locked screen?"
Not that toxic but so funny the moment i saw it
Saw someone flame a caster by saying hed "Create an Autobahn in his asshole" thought that was a pretty unique flame
“I hope you slip on a dick and land on a dildo”
Going against GP

“KEGW” everytime he died
⌇

⌇

I boiled these noodles in your Midlaners tears.
I play alot of ARAM  and the salt that pours out of people is real.
I remember I was thresh and people blamed me for whatever. 
I would do what i could but i would throw the lantern and no clicks or saves so i unjust got sick of it and said
The only bright fucking thing on this bridge is my lamp and you fuckheads cant seem to click it

That's about it
The best I've seen so far is by far the DLC one. 

Example from a few ganes ago: 

Top: 'yo JG where are you?'

Me as Support: 'we ain't buying you the jungler DLC. Wait for christmas for that'
"Vayne I was pro choice before meeting you"
I was playing Kassadin and got my shit pushed in early game and my top garen said “you’re as useful as the fucking cannon minion that runs down lane.” I gotta say I laughed at that.
Had a player who was complaining about a lack of map awareness and asked "You have Lee Sin eyes?"
Some chinese dudes argued in chinese, so I joined in and all of us 3 ended up in soawn for 20 mins arguing and insulting each other in chinese, over hongkong etc, i just used google translate

At one point I started talking in german(my native language) so they literally hopped on google translate and we did it all over again in german
“You’re even worse then cancer. Cancer at least kills people.”
Well I came across a very toxic team given that it was only a norm but anyway, it was between our top laner and jungler.

Top laner was Darius and carried the game while the jungler was shit talking and pretending to know what he was talking about gamewise despite being silver.

Post game chat lobby (towards the jungler)

Darius - “I'm a garbage man irl, I carry trash like you everyday.”
Often I see people call wukong players "Dog"
P1: "I will rape your dead grandma and cum on her grave."
P2: "She would like it."
TR Server. Even God doesnt go near us.
According to this subreddit, "NA TP/FLASH".

&#x200B;

Thing so good that it goes to first page.
"The doctor misclicked on aborting you."
My go to is when i'm actually playing somewhat well, and someone who is 1/6 tries to talk shit, my immediate response is "Can someone translate for me, i don't speak 1/6"
"It's ok bro, we all make mistakes, no ones perfect" This line from our top laner to our jg. Sent our jg into suicidal rage.   


The 0/13 Nasus than had flamed our jg right from level 2. The jg was actually good and carrying but the Nasus was just flaming him and blaming his own mistakes and bad play on our jg and mid, not really bot because it was only like 20min into game so hadn't had a chance to interact. 

  
The jg told Nasus to stay in lane, jg was on herald and enemy team had no idea. Jg clearly explained to Nasus that if he just stays in lane he can solo Herald, but if Nasus leaves lane to help, enemy top will follow. The Nasus ignores him, does it anyway, dies, gets jg killed, we lose herald.  


Then Nasus blames 'jg diff' in all chat, flames jg for losing herald and they argue for a bit. Nasus condescendingly ends their exchange with  "It's ok bro, we all make mistakes, no ones perfect". Meaning jg stuffed u not him.  


jg left game 2sec later.   


This was 2 years ago. I wrote that nasus name down and since then i have gotten into 3 games with him. I troll him as hard as i can and when he asks why i bring this up.
Back when I first started I was told to "go commit toaster bath"
the OP's lines have yet to be beaten
Unlucky tuberkulose aids jehova witness
Enemy Riven: You're so fucking trash Renekton

Renekton: Sorry bro, I just got incredibly bad news... I just heard I have cancer... It's called Stage 4 Riven sadly.

I lol'd
"Now listen here you god damn bin of recessive genes, stop feeding your ass off"
I should have killed the cannon minion it gives more gold
“With a head that big it’s amazing that the coat hanger missed”
"Zilean why didn't you ult me?"

"Sorry bro, can't ult minions"
May both sides of your pillow be warm tonight
Got these from a post like this a while back
-Not even Olaf ult could prevent you from being disabled.  

-On the 8th day god saw that people are hungry so he made botlane.  

-Map awareness level: Christopher Columbus.  

-I'd call you cancer but at least cancer gets kills.  

-Not even Noah would be able to carry these animals.  

-Autofill ?   

-How did this guy get passed the login screen ?  

-We would've won but ''insert_champ_name'' opened his best buffet yet.  

-If i wanted to kill myself i'd jump up to your ego and jump down to your IQ.  

-The scuttle crab applies more jungle pressure than you.  

-I'll trade you 4 cannon creeps for our XXX_champ.

-I didn't know Udyr had a bitch stance.

-The only thing you carry is an extra chromosome.

-"hooker_champion"! It's easier to land hooks if you turn your monitor on.
Not even close baby
A couple ones I can think of off my head: One time I told the midlane talon getting outroamed by xerath that he "rotates worse than the 4th wheel on a shopping cart" and I've had a support on my team tell their adc that they had "all the map awareness of Christopher Colombus".
Maybe not toxic, but funny nevertheless.  
I was in a game with two friends as a jungler, our mid dies twice and quality left the game. We where getting pressured on every line, except this top lane Darius, who was doing pretty well. At 15 minutes we started surrender vote, being behind and outnumbered, just so we could start another game. Darius voted "no".  
"Just lose with pride," he said and made this game all worth it in meme vallue.
Killing the enemy team in a teamfight - "At least your failure was spectacular."
"I hope you contract AIDS from the mosquitoes in your village"
A friend of mine once said "I would rather lick a handrail and get Coronavirus than play with this team again"

He did get a 2 week ban
i paste a download link for the game smite at the end of every game i lose
this is my go to thing to say after the game is done. "When I die, I want my teamates to lower me into my grave so they can let me down one last time". Its a old time classic.

A new one I have seen pop up latelly is "my team has that lukewarm iq" i think its kinda funny.
[Flamefest](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/4ozqkj/flamefest_iii_the_best_flames_of_2016_infographic/)
I'm gonna quote literally what our top laner said to the mid laner: "Report fizz because born from incest" 
I still laugh hard
There was this one game where I was getting all the shit in the world because I was the jungler. I legit sat im spawn and hard flamed everybody in all chat and it got to the “x9 jungler” point. I started lying my ass off about how i’m a single mother with 2 very needy kids and 1 mentally disable kid and how hard it is to pay attention to the game while dealing with financial stress. Everybody apologizedand I got 4 commends.
Top: Are you French?

Mid: No, why?

Top: Then why you keep surrendering?
Midlaner : "fucking french go bake baguette"

ADC : "you should bake yourself some cs"
There's an [ancient reddit thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3l1jnn/best_toxic_insults_youve_seen/) about the same topic. Check out the answers, they're hilarious, and I havent seen most of them in this thread.
Mid to jungle: Are you sure you're a personal trainer?

*jungle one shots bot lane*

Mid: Because that isn't working out.

had a good laugh
In one game i got dumpstered mid lane as zoe against an azir...

Later in the game we had a really nice fight over eldar, where i carried the fight and it went like this:
Azir: " wait what, when did zoe started using her hands?"

Me and my premates had a blast from it and still joke about it from time to time
"fckng Doraemon's hands"
3/10 Ezreal “I can carry”


My mate “The only thing you’re carrying is an extra chromosome”
Ever since the olden ages of League:

[This is the website dedicated to all the funny shit regarding toxic stuff.](https://summonerscode.com/)

Also fun: [Screenies](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestoftribunal/)

My all time favourite that had me for days in ye ol' daes:

- Teemo: "GIMME A T"
- Teemo: "GIMME A A"
- Teemo: "GIMME A L"
- Teemo: "GIMME A O"
- Teemo: "GIMME A N"
- Teemo: "WHAT'S IT SPELL?"
- Talon: "Talon"
- Teemo: "USELESS FUCKING CUNT"
My favorite is "Mr Rodgers would be extremely disappointed in the person you chose to be."
Teammate:"you guys should play in the NBA"
enemy team: ?
Teammate: "With throws like that"
"Go use Renekton E on your wrists"
“not even noah’s ark can carry these animals” - 14/3 enemy mid after losing
“You smell worse than my semen”. Just pure autism.
A few games back my top said to the adc " no wonder the server keeps giving us problems, its using all its processing power to figure out how ducking stupid you are"
"Your brain is like a unicorn, it doesnt exsist".
my favourite line is:  
Where is hard mode in this game?
Ali"Cait can I give you a tip?"
Cait:"yes?"
Ali"When you b sell your extra chromosomes and buy some braincells because it feels really down right here"
"You're trash."

"Of course I am, If I was decent I wouldn't have been matched with you."
scuttlecrab can sidestep better than you
I don't have any toxic line to add to this pile, but I just wanna say DAAAAAAAAAMN the league community is at a level of toxicity that not even the mightypower god could fix it lol
imagine you  getting  heart attack in loading screen we would be able to remake that
"I'd call my team cancer, but cancer actually gets kills."
We've been saying end if gay in all chat if we are winning or losing. If we are winning it explains if we throw, or they laugh and call us gay. If they win we just say ha y'all are gay so we really won.
there’s the classic:  
knock knock camille  
who’s there  
uni  
uni who  
uninstall
A Garen main was winning the game and started to promote their youtube at which point my jungle said: eww a Garen youtuber disgusting.
Random pissed off lol player: "you are my dick"
Rammus: "If I leave you die irl :)"  
\*Rammus has left the lobby\*
"Warwick is spanish , I can tell by ff"
On my 1st ranked game I wad auto filled jg (and i secj at jg) : "go fuck your sister" and " do you have arms in your brain"
"My God, not even Noah and his Ark could carry these animals."
"knock knock"

"Who's there?"

"Uni"

"Uni who?"

"Uninstall please"

Had a good laugh when I saw that
"Stop winning, this is unwinnable" after we won a tf  


Random lee between my two towers on aram. He kept saying we should open, that it was unwinnable. We won without he contributing for anything. That line is now a meme between my friends
"You're as bright as my piss after a night of not drinking"
"Hey, *insert champion here*, go into your settings and remember to enable the minimap!"
My favorite is when one of my friends and some rando on my team were “anti-flaming” each other, something along the lines of this:

>i’m going to take your mother out for a fancy dinner because i know she’s been stressed recently

>hey man i heard your family’s been having financial issues, so i’m going to send over $1000, i hope it can help
"You have the IQ of a table. Go eat concrete"
“My team is the equivalent to a black man in 1787, only 3/5 of us matter”
Hands down one of the most creative lines I’ve seen. Can’t tell if it’s racist or not since it’s just being historically accurate.
Botlane is like a soup kitchen everyone gets fed XD
Jinx, I would say you're cancer but at least cancer kills people
I’m saving this post just to pull these lines out. The eloquence and wittiness of these should be made into a virtual novel that the community can vote on and add to. When it launches, Riot makes a skin where Ryze reads off his scroll and his lines are some of these comments.
"GG NOT HARD" - Allied Jax after going 3/17
Darius repeating ''CHO MID'' several times. It was quit amusing at the time, but I hated blind pick afterwards.
"u have the IQ of a table" is one i used a lot
"I'm almost certain our jungler doesn't have his monitor turned on."
"Your feed is so immesserably high, you could have ended world hunger."

He got 3 honors after that game
"Noob no family"
“U have the iq of a table”
“Chromosome diff”
flame is good for the game
i’ve had someone tell me that they’ll find my house and cough on the door knobs, probably the most creative way to flame someone  during this quarantine
"People like you are the reason I am pro-choice."
"go back to africa you hungry kid"
“What’s your paypal? I’ll pay for your hospital bill”
I only whip it out when someone on my team is flaming but it's Ol' Faithful for sure

"hey *champ they're playing*"

"try playing Olaf *role they're playing* next time"

"that way you can ult"

"and stop being disabled for 6 seconds"

The multiple messages carries more weight
Someone once called me and my teammate "mongoloid fucks", that's the most exotic one I got
I forget the exact line now since it's been several months, but it was basically "I have no family left to go to for Christmas, but thankfully your top laner has generously fed me a nice Christmas dinner".
"saying you have the downs would be an insult to those who make it work with their disability"
My friend: I know you like to keep a bottle of Elmer's within arm's length, but could you please leave it for this game?
0-12-2 Ekko at 14 min. “I’m going to brb, have to get the door”

Kayle: ? You’ve been staring at a grey screen the whole game


Also

Allies dying with all their sums up.

“It’s okay our adc was saving his flash for next game”
The classic typing individually c , a , n , c , pinging your e ability , r
'This Lucian is a goddamm oxygen thief'
This katarina is cancer.

Well at least cancer get kills.

\_(ツ)_/¯
Few season ago when ezreal buliding tear was considered trolling, my friend said to 0/5 ezreal in 10 minutes: "Ezreal what is that tear? Only tear you should have should be in your eyes when your father neglected you"
the Olaf on my team said "this nasus cant farm for beans"
«Room temp iq»
Our Yasuo goes 0/8 cause... Yasuo players.  
Teammate: "Yasuo isn't gonna hit power spike ff"
I had a really bad shen on top in my team and I wrote on chat that he has 60 cs after 25 minutes of the game. He replied: „You know why I have 60 cs? Because your mother is a fucking horny”. No idea what that meant but I bursted out laughing when I read that.
Enemy yasuo was against illaoi in urf and he said:feels like I am in a hentai
someone said today in the post game lobby in EUNE "jg was NA import"
In one of my games someone said "damn I thought I was playing LoL, not Ape Escape"
The fucking scuttle crab has more jungle pressure than you.
If your IQ was any lower I'd have to water you twice a day
"I have seen caster minions more mechanically gifted than you"
Came up with this one when the saltiest Veigar I've ever had the displeasure of playing with started flaming in all chat:

&#x200B;

'You're so shit, your mom probably gave birth out of her ass'  


I kid you not, he shut up after that one.
"it was a 2v1"

"so was your conception" 

mid laner and jungler arguing when that came out, happened 4 years ago and i still think about it, mid laner just left, didn't blame him
'Im so glad this child used his make a wish to play his final game with us' had to be my favourite one.
go next irl
From a Dota community. ( Not by me ) 
https://i.redd.it/6zeh8jgoh2q01.png
Enemy ADC that was only one in their team actually playing, pretty much winning botlane really hard.But our Top, mid and jungle were overfed as hell.  
"Hey botlane, you guys seem to be missing bunch of chromosoms, but dont worry, my team has plenty to spare"
That Warmogs is not going to heal ur dmg.
Pyke bought warmogs 2nd....
Was playing Teemo. (Yes im a terrible person) I was 3/5/0 top and having to fight enemy jungler who had decided to top lane was the jungle. Asked for help and my teammate said: " Shut the f*** up paprika, you deserve that for picking Teemo".
The middle with morgana and darius or morgana with ashe and morgana with every who know how to play this game with this character "morgana" make a horror lines in every game in every lines but same important is who stay back of the pc the players is more important how they think to do it.thanks
A tristana kept spamming random words in broken English and once she stops, our garen just goes

Tris, you pay for yr words

I was also told by an enemy morg that "you main lick pussy yr mother"
Was playing with an Udyr who had a shitty attitude the whole game. I was getting on his case about how being an asshole doesn't help you win, in fact it does the opposite. He goes:

"I've had the past 5 games have 1-2 teammates with 20+ deaths. Please explain, Mr. Gandhi"
My favorites are.

"Hope you get abducted by aliens."

"goblins"
Someone told me to loosen my helmet straps so my brain could get some oxygen one time
Mine was:

"gg ez fckin dog"

&#x200B;

as we ended the game with a 12/1 nasus
"I hope your family gets carried away by ants"
"Your game can be an application to the UN World Food program"
"are you having problems with your velcro shoes?"  


"You seem to be smuggling all of the chromasones, have you been tested, or did your parents just know?"

&#x200B;

"... feeding top harder than a UN aid station"  


"
I played like a total of 10 games on league and in one of the first games a friend wrote in chat that i could use the chat with enter and a player made a joke with the alt+F4. My mind went for a reply along the lines of "Maybe you can try it for yourself and hopefully it shut down your brain IRL"  but in the end i did not send the message, so it was more a toxic thought than a toxic message
Whenever the ADC deals less damage than the tank, I tell him he should've also picked a tank
"It's wonderful that the staff gives time for League between arts and craft at the special needs center"
We were invading and I flash hooked at max range as Thresh in an attempt to trade flashes with their Vayne, but she was ready for it and dodged it with Q. 

All chat of the next 10 seconds:  

Their jungler (trying to tilt me): "300s CD"  
Our jungler: "-20 LP"  
Our mid: "49% WR"

Don't know if it's as funny when reading, but I laughed my fucking ass off ingame.
Link this to your enemy junglers 
https://www.wikihow-fun.com/Jungle-in-League-of-Legends
"i'm gonna start going to church and apologize to God because i must've messed up big time since i have you on my team"
"your english makes suicide sound like a good idea"
in imqtpie's post game lobby someone linked the special olympics application form to his jungler
"Go drink shampoo"; "Go eat nails"

Also I used this line once, when I was feeding in toplane
"What can't you join fights ? your fed opponent was there and blew us"

"I can't join, I'm so behind that I 'd loose an 1v1 to scuttle crab if he catches me in the river"
I've recently witnessed a "fuck your country" by a Turk player. It wasn't towards me but I was like "damn dude has no chill"
"Nice champ"

"Nice double chin"
Id unplug your lifesupport to charge my phone
"/all my team can't even win the FF vote "
You feed more than the Red Cross in Africa
"The way you are feeding would end entire hunger in Africa"
From the Gnar-camping thread: "Have you tried downloading the Minimap DLC?"
My favorite new one I came up with is I send my teammate a link to captcha.net to prove they’re human
Not even Olaf's ult could stop you from being disabled.
My Fav:   
Ally Udyr runs away from a bot lane mash up leaving the adc and supp to get plastered by the enemy team  
ADC: "Huh, I didn't realize Udyr had a Bitch Stance..."
TheWarOwl said in one of his videos while carrying teammates on CSGO, "I'd call you potatoes but even those have eyes"
Yasuo: ugh, why are my teams always so shit??

Me: Maybe because you main Yasuo?

Yasuo: haha bet you don't say that when your being carried huh

Me: when Im being carried by a Yasuo, I take a long, cold shower and re-evaluate my life choices.

&#x200B;

paraphrased slightly (can't remember the exact wording), but it made my ADC laugh!
After my friend was feeding pretty bad throughout.

“Well, at least brand is ending world hunger by feeding everyone. Be the change you want to see in the world”
Just to tilt ur opponents after winning a very ez game ill just say thanks for tutorial
My jungler failed a gank where he flashed on top of taric e to which i proceded to ping to which he replied:

"Stfu u fucking 1incher"

I took my loss.
"If it doesn't work out with my new team I'm going to apply at Riot to feed the monkeys."
"You got the mechanics to go pro in checkers"
“Nice G4 Turkey account”
Stay free, little bee
"Let me buy you a one way ticket to Aushwitz by train" there is no number of damage that Polish guy in my game make it visable when the jungler told him that.Welcome to EU either you take it or beat him at it
In response to our adc hard flaming in all chat the enemy top nasus who’d been silent all game just said “You kiss your dad with that mouth?”
"I'm moving to where you live, installing tinder, matching with your mom and fucking her brains out"
“It’s technically 4v5 cause our Lucian is still stuck on a PvE server.”
"your mother was a murloc"
"YOu LoOK LiKE mY DoGS aNUs" 
Because I accidentally killed the enemy once as a support, after serving 5 kills to him on a silver platter.
Just in my last game the 0/8/0 Teemo writes in all chat " Ugly donkeys in my team can't play around me when i'm smurfing, hope they all get Corona ".
You seem to have an affinity with morgana's Q. 

Our support didn't dodge a single skillshot that game.
I got called "Aram player xD" once, first time seeing toxicity as poisonous as water.
"Go to settings -> interface and enable your god damn minimap
crayon muncher and window licker are personal favorites
I have so many  because I screenshot them, got tons of classics.
I am personally a fan of "my team never connected to the game" if they have 0 kill participation entire laning phase
One of the ones I recall is a Diana who went to lane, afked in the middle and died at the start of the match

She **typed** "sorry guys keyboard broken :/"


and then she left and never came back
I've used this one myself a couple times, because I thought of it and I was proud of it:

"Our top laner is attempting the rare, difficult, and most challenging technique in all of league of legends. The goldfish technique"

"What's the goldfish technique?"

"He plans on killing you the same way I killed my goldfish. By overfeeding it"
I work at a dump. So I have a lot of experience carrying trash.
"IWD Ganks"
My friend said the funniest one i heard so far: "Hey, let me add you on Steam, i gift you a game of your choice so you can be bad elsewhere."
don't play ranked.
"You are stacking more tears than Ryze"
and
"I'd say that you are cancer but cancer can at least get some kills"
My name in League is "Uzumaki Kushina", and one on the enemy team sent a link to an hentai saying "naruto's mom get fucked", and yeah, that was kinda funny xD
After being quiet all game: "I normally play with chat disabled, but with this Cait I didn't wanna have too many disabled things on our team."
"please jump from your ego to your elo"
