Nontoxic comments in league of legends:
I once had a flex queue game where I got called to work out of nowhere and had to leave.  The game was like 6-7 minutes in, at the most. My team was a 5-man premade, though only two were people I was familiar with.  I said in all chat "Work just called me in and I have to leave.  I'm sorry to my team, but it would be awesome if everyone understood and didn't report me for it <3"

&#x200B;

The enemy team was a 5-man as well, and they immediately said they were gonna open mid, and for us to just run it down to end it so I didn't risk getting a punishment for leaving.  A few minutes later the game was over, they all danced around us as we 5-man ended the game by 10-11 minutes.  I left for work as we were finishing the nexus.

&#x200B;

By far the least league like thing that has ever happened to me in League.
I used to play a ton of ranked twisted treeline and the ladder was all kinda fucked up. I was matched one game with a top 10 challenger and a fresh level 30 who was bronze. He was super impressed when he realized I was high plat from my loading border. Guy was completely unaware that he was playing with a challenger until after the game. His enthusiasm was really infectious. Hard game but we actually won. Afterwards, I ended up playing a bunch of norms with the guy on a smurf to teach him how to play.
We sang dont stop believing one word at a time in aram dancing around before the servers went down for a patch once.
Professionally, SKT Marin asking the Bangkok Titans to come up and take a bow after going 0-6 in their group stage at worlds.
A guy added me after a game to talk shit. After 40 mins he said he was sorry and that he was just mad that game and I wasn’t ass like he keep saying
I think for me personally, it was when a username called "Gentleman" started coaching me mid-game when I was still new on how to combo correctly.

On a broader scale, I'd say Caedrel buying alfarouk a PC after being in a game with him. I've never seen something as heartwarming as that entire situation... it genuinely gave me hope for humanity.

Those two will stand out to me for a long long time - not just on how wholesome the League community can be, but gaming overall.
I had a Caitlyn who motivated us throughout the game. I was playing Veigar and there were 3 mid. I chatted "3 mid I'm scared" and Caitlyn said "you can do this Veigar" and she helped me defeat the 3 mids. She also said "you all are doing great" and "we can win". Soon we won and we all honoured Caitlyn. She was the nicest player I've ever seen.
Our mid Akali and enemy mid Aatrox abandoned their lane and went to the river so Aatrox who had more experience with playing Akali could teach our mid how to correctly do her combos

Ofc it was in normals, not in ranked
once I tapped the cute cat emote 1 time and 1 of our team replied with the same emote. then I tapped it 1 more time and he replied the same. throughout the game, we spammed the cat emote to each other and we won the game.
soon after, we added each other and we are playing and spamming cute cat emote to each other to this very day ^w^
My parents were divorced but I still playing League with them. Some day i invited both of them and they play botlane together but they didn't know who's who
I was gifted a Dryad Soraka skin for doing an amazing job as a support, back when being a support was frowned upon and when her Q wasn’t a skill shot.
I was around grandmaster and run into people who are just insanely good at the game or good at their champs. When You get those people on your team and they just hard carry the game through player diff everyone praises them and I’m just happy for them.

It’s even better when you have insane games and solo carry then everyone praises you.
[this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bOnrJlxJIw)
Way back when I first started playing league, me and a friend ran into a 5 man premade with all the christmas skins (it was christmas eve) and we kinda just shot the shit playing super casually. Its moments like that that make me want all chat to stay, I still remember that game fondly 6 years later, not the thousands of people who were jackasses in all chat.
this was in draft pick, but there was a game I had where both top laners decided to just farm instead of fight each other. It was so strange, and really wholesome. Too bad I was playing talon jungle that game and farmed the enemy top laner. I think he was new to the game.
Once in the middle of a ranked match my baby woke up (she was 4 months at the time), so I explained the situation for my team, I wanned to quit but they just said to me stay behind and just do my best... The team just played around me while I was breastfeeding my daughter at the end all of them honored and gave me congratulations for the baby (we won the match! \^\^)
PVE TEEMO. THAT WAS THE TRUE LEGEND <3
There was a game that I went insane on rammus vs full ad, my team was about to give up and I kept making picks and we didnt surrender even though I was about to lose it, at the end I said thanks for not giving up and one guy said ''thanks for not giving up on us too''
Around S5 we were stomping a normal game and the enemy ADC (Lucian) said on /all that he had done a bet with his Supp: if he got a pentakill on this game he (the supp) would buy him a skin.

We went to Nashor's pit, suicided all so Lucian could get the penta and they insta surrendered after.

On the post game lobby chat, the Supp said that he was going to buy him Golden Alistar.
The most wholesome moments for me where probably the friendly interactions with enemies, where both sides are having fun, giving advices, praising each other or organizing dance parties. :D

This will all be gone forever if Riot removes /all chat tho :(.
I met a trans girl who gave me some tips for crossdressing and hiding my dick in tight pants
I was playing solo queue around diamond 2 early season and ran into this Fiora OTP. I wanted to learn this matchup so after the game I was gonna add him to do some 1v1s. 

The game gets remade, I add him and he adds back. I ask him if he'd be open to some 1v1s sometime and he says sure, and that he wanted to learn the matchup too (I main Kennen) 

We both queue up again and get matched against each other. I get stomped in lane pretty hard but eventually win the game through team diff. After the game I asked him to play 1v1s now since obviously I had something to learn from him. 

I invite him to discord with another Master Kennen player giving us both tips. It turned into a 2 hour 1v1 session where we both learned a lot from each other and gained a lot of matchup experience. The whole thing was pretty awesome, it's not every day you make a friend from the enemy team.
When I was younger (s3) a guy flamed me and I flamed him. At the heat of the moment I decided to tell him to say it in person. And somehow ended up with me giving him my cell number. And he called within seconds. We just talked and ended up playing league together for a year and  a half.
Brother Drobven joined me in pilgrimage to Mecca
Okay there are some weird situations that are super toxic despite my mates doing "wholesome" stuff.

If my mate tries to teach the opponent and decreases the odds of winning of my team on purpose. Isn't that toxic?

If my teammates try to have a dance Party at nashor while I don't agree.... aren't they toxic?

The best an most beautiful matches are the ones with all tryharders.
Everyone tries their hardest to win. Rveryone tries to have as much of a positive impact as possible and put everything on a line to win as a Team.

Everything else Looks like purposely lowering the odds of a win. Which is toxic
2 wholesome moments and 1 "Really?" moment.

Played Riven and whooped an Irelia in lane because she made the same mistake over and over again (dashing to a minion right next to me when my W was up), told her about it and helped her learn not to. Enemy team said "honor riven", feelsgoodman.

Playing Malzahar mid and tilted as fuck because I've got ult up and have repeatedly asked for a gank, to no avail. We end up losing hard and the enemy jungler says I can play with her if I'm not as flamey, decide "fuck it" and join, go on to easily set up free kills with my ult and we win quite hard. Ended up sending a friend request.

Playing ARAM as Evelynn and lategame as enemy team are pushing towards our nexus and I'm dead I open up a can of Vimto which I had forgot I dropped earlier. *VIMTO ESPUMA* None got on my laptop but some got on the powerstrip a bunch of shit was plugged into, said in allchat I'd be AFK a min or so to clean up so I don't risk looking like I lost a fight against a Heimer OTP who thinks Statikk Shiv is the best thing since sliced bread. In my brief absence we end up losing and one of my teammates says to x9 me. Another guy asks why. So sorry my life is worth less than your ARAM win mate. How's abour you x9 people running off to deal with emergencies while you're at it you selfish Asol wannabe?

Tl;DR for those who care: Riven help Irelia. Jungle diff leads to friendship. Me choosing to not risk my life results in someone crying to report me after I allchat that I'm going BRB for a min and why.
Played a game and nobody said ggez. I was very proud of both teams
I was on a stream chat, and some random guy was being harrassed because he was claiming he met a cheating annie in game. He didn't read her spells and didn't understand why she got her mana back when killing a minion with Q. While everyone was moquing him, I talked to him, added him and started to coach him. He was around level 20 at the time and he managed within 2 years to climb to my elo (gold). Now, a few years later, we're friends, both hardstuck gold but we don't care that much about climbing higher, and still enjoy playing with each other.
Surrendering infront of the enemy nexus
I was playing with my 4 friends 5vs5 match on my birthday. We told the opponents thats my birthday and they wished me happy bday and so on. They were better than us in the match and it was obvious they will take our nexus sooner or later and when they were 1 aa to finish it, they surrendered and wish me again happy bday :) One of the best experiences in lol :) Thanks again 5 strangers whoever you are/were ;*
The most wholesome things I see in League tends to be the same reoccurring thing. Some guy getting a Quadra in an Aram and the team (most of the time people he/she doesn't know) does their damn hardest to help them get the Penta. Sometimes it's me, sometimes it's someone else.
Literally today I was in an unranked draft game, we won and the team was having a good time. Then I got a random invite and accepted it, 3 guys my age all drinking beers having a blast, I played like 4 games with them and honestly they were some of the funnest games I’ve had in league. Was great. Looking forward to playing with them again.
I do like to guide people when they're asking stuff about a champ I know about.   
But my experience that I won't forget is the one time I played Lee jungle in ranked like 6-7 years ago (he came out in April 2011 wtf?) , And I was having problems with my net, so I dc'd for like 15 mins.  
League being the wonderful game that it is, took way too long to reconnect.  
So then I come back expecting a lot of flame, but not only my team was winning hard, but they also stopped sieging their inhib tower to scort me through all of the jungle camps so I could catch up.
I was duo bot with a friend and he picked Lulu for me because he was first pick and we were playing around with the idea of him picking my support and me counter picking the ADC pick for me because I was last pick.  

My client fucks up and I end up not being able to make the trade.  I panic and tell the other three people and all three of them were like "It's okay, the client is fucked up anyways.  We can make this work!".  

My friend ends up being ADC Lulu and I end up being support Jhin nailing traps and W stuns, with ults being used as extra damage and slows.  

Our whole team doesn't actually fall apart with the other three people even giving us positive support and encouragement for actually winning bot lane and taking the lead to other lanes and helping them win.  

It was a pretty positive experience that I still remember to this day.
The best one that comes to mind was being in a game where a guy on the enemy team in all chat was trying to invite people to his minecraft server, I said sure why not and asked him to add me after the game, he sends me an invite and then a discord link and turns out its a pretty chill place where we call and vibe in now.
Played an hour long twisted treeline (please give it back riot) and we had obviously won by like 20 minutes but we were just all chatting and doing 1v1s and dancing and stuff
I've only see in once in thousands of hours of playing, but a 5 member on both teams dance party mid, and nobody attacked.
Figure I should add a second one here, just because I've got another that was really in competition for my best.

&#x200B;

When I was first starting out I was often playing with Plat-Diamond players in a 5 person party.  Even occasionally playing with names such as Annie Bot and Yassuo, due to the girl who got me started on the game being friends with them.  AKA I was thrown into the deep end day one.

&#x200B;

This meant that when I played alone I was often against people I had no business facing, without the help of those experienced players.  Around level 25 or so I played Fizz mid for the second or third time ever, still barely knowing the game overall.  I had queued alone, and got plopped into a lobby with one plat, myself, and the next lowest person was Diamond something or other.  

&#x200B;

It was brutal, my opponent was a High diamond/low challenger who picked Vlad and proceeded to show me just how little I truly knew.  It was a friendly lobby, and I was all chatting a bit about the fact that I was still learning and how crazy it was that he basically just made me feel like I had no keyboard.  After the game the opposing mid added me, proceeded to compliment my Fizz gameplay saying I very much played above my level and how well I actually did in the situation(As I hadn't hard fed, still had 6-7 CS/minute, etc.)  

&#x200B;

He then proceeded to go over the game replay with me step by step telling me what I could have done differently to beat him, and followed it up by gifting Atlantean Fizz for me the next day out of the blue "Because I deserved a skin for the champion".  Was the second skin I ever got, he also gifted me a Heimerdinger skin when he saw me playing him a lot the next week(Third skin).  Never did play with him again, though I'm sure he's still somewhere deep in the chaos that is my friends list.  He did occasionally message me asking how my climb was going, congratulated me when I first hit gold, etc. 

&#x200B;

The league community really isn't all bad. (I never did get very good with Fizz.)
